The Mammoth Book of
SHORT EROTIC NOVELS

Also available
The Mammoth Book of Arthurian Legends The Mammoth Book of Battles
The Mammoth Book of Best New Horror 2002
The Mammoth Book of Best New Science Fiction 15

The Mammoth Book of Bridge
The Mammoth Book of British Kings & Queens The Mammoth Book of Cats
The Mammoth Book of Comic Fantasy The Mammoth Book of Seriously Comic
Fantasy The Mammoth Book of Egyptian Whodunnits The Mammoth Book of
Endurance and Adventure The Mammoth Book of Future Cops
The Mammoth Book of Fighter Pilots The Mammoth Book of Haunted House
Stories The Mammoth Book of Heroes
The Mammoth Book of Heroic and Outrageous Women The Mammoth Book of
Historical Whodunnits The Mammoth Book of How It Happened The Mammoth
Book of How It Happened Battles The Mammoth Book of How it Happened in
Britain The Mammoth Book of How It Happened World War II The Mammoth
Book of Jack the Ripper The Mammoth Book of Jokes
The Mammoth Book of Legal Thrillers The Mammoth Book of Life Before the
Mast The Mammoth Book of Literary Anecdotes The Mammoth Book of
Locked-Room Mysteries and Impossible Crimes The Mammoth Book of Men
O’War

The Mammoth Book of Murder
The Mammoth Book of Murder and Science The Mammoth Book of On The
Road
The Mammoth Book of Oddballs and Eccentrics The Mammoth Book of Private
Lives The Mammoth Book of Seriously Comic Fantasy The Mammoth Book of
Sex, Drugs & Rock ‘n’ Roll The Mammoth Book of Soldiers at War The
Mammoth Book of Sports & Games The Mammoth Book of Sword & Honour
The Mammoth Book of True Crime (New Edition) The Mammoth Book of True
War Stories The Mammoth Book of Unsolved Crimes The Mammoth Book of
War Correspondents The Mammoth Book of UFOs
The Mammoth Book of The World’s Greatest Chess Games

Constable & Robinson Ltd
3 The Lanchesters
162 Fulham Palace Road
London W6 9ER
www.constablerobinson.com
First published in the UK by Robinson Publishing 2000
Collection copyright © Maxim Jakubowski
and Michael Hemmingson 2000
All rights reserved. This book is sold subject to the condition that it shall not, by way of trade or otherwise,
be lent, re-sold, hired out or otherwise circulated in any form of binding or cover other than that in which it
is published and without a similar condition including this condition being imposed on the subsequent
purchaser.
A copy of the British Library Cataloguing in Publication Data is available from the British Library.
UK ISBN 978-1-84119-078-5
eISBN 978-1-78033-352-6
13 15 17 19 20 18 16 14 12
First published in the United States in 2000 by Carroll & Graf Publishers
This edition published in 2007 by Running Press Book Publishers
This book may not be reproduced in whole or in part, in any form or by any means, electronic or
mechanical, including photocopying, recording, or by any information storage and retrieval system now
known or hereafter invented, without written permission from the publisher.
98765432
Digit on the right indicates the number of this printing
Library of Congress Cataloging-in-Publication Data is available on file
US ISBN: 978-0-7867-0713-3
Running Press Book Publishers
2300 Chestnut Street
Philadelphia, PA 19103-4371
Visit us on the web!
www.runningpress.com

CONTENTS
ACKNOWLEDGMENTS
INTRODUCTION
Maxim Jakubowski & Michael Hemmingson
NIGHT MOVES
Michael Perkins
HOTEL ROOM FUCK
Maxim Jakubowski
SPANKING THE MAID
Robert Coover
LAIR OF THE RED WITCH
O’Neil De Noux
THE BANISHING
Mark Ramsden
DE SADE’S LAST STAND
William T. Vollmann
SPEAKING PARTS
M. Christian
THE COMFORT OF WOMEN
Michael Hemmingson
THIEF OF NAMES
Lucy Taylor
THE DARKLING BEETLES
Gene Santagada

SCRATCH
Nikki Dillon
THE EMPEROR OF NIGHT
Marilyn Jaye-Lewis

ACKNOWLEDGMENTS
NIGHT MOVES by Michael Perkins, copyright © 2000 by Michael Perkins.
Printed by permission of the author.
HOTEL ROOM FUCK by Maxim Jakubowski, copyright © 2000 by Maxim
Jakubowski. Printed by permission of the author.
SPANKING THE MAID by Robert Coover, copyright © 1982 by Robert
Coover. Reprinted by permission of Grove/Atlantic and the author’s agent,
George Borchardt, Inc.
LAIR OF THE RED WITCH by O’Neil De Noux, copyright © 2000 by O’Neil
De Noux. Printed by permission of the author.
DE SADE’S LAST STAND by William T. Vollmann, copyright © 1992 by
William T. Vollmann. Reprinted by permission of the author and
Grove/Atlantic. Originally appeared in Esquire, an abbreviated version of ‘More
Benadryl, Whined the Journalist’ from The Butterfly Stories.
SPEAKING PARTS by M. Christian, copyright © 2000 by M. Christian. Printed
by permission of the author.
THE COMFORT OF WOMEN by Michael Hemmingson, copyright © 2000 by
Michael Hemmingson. Printed by permission of the author.
THIEF OF NAMES by Lucy Taylor, copyright © 2000 by Lucy Taylor. Printed
by permission of the author.
THE DARKLING BEETLES by Gene Santagada, copyright © 2000 by Gene
Santagada. Printed by permission of the author.
SCRATCH by Nikki Dillon, copyright © 2000 by Nikki Dillon. Printed by
permission of the author.

permission of the author.
THE EMPEROR OF NIGHT by Marilyn Jaye-Lewis, copyright © 2000 by
Marilyn Jaye-Lewis. Printed by permission of the author.

INTRODUCTION
The short novel, the novella, the long story – call it what you will – is a tricky art
form, especially for writers who write for publication, rather than self-esteem.
While this literary form is considered (especially in mainland Europe) just that –
an art form to be mastered – the situation in Britain and America, where
commercial considerations dictate much of what is published, is more
problematic.
Not long enough for solo book publication, too long for inclusion in
magazines or anthologies: these are some of the obstacles the novella finds in its
way.
However, the short novel is also the perfect form for literary erotica, allowing
writers to develop their characters to greater depth beyond the gymnastics or
hydraulics of the sexual act in all its myriad varieties. Both the editors of this
anthology modestly claim to have, in the past, written some of their best erotic
work at such length and this has been recognized by critics. We proudly refer
you to MJ’s “The Map of the Pain” or “The State of Montana” or MH’s “The
Naughty Yard” or “The Dress”, as satisfying examples (available in previous
Mammoth Books of Erotica anthologies or in single volumes).
The contributions we have had from some of the best writers of erotica
currently practising the art, which we include in the present volume, prove the
point: the reader isn’t faced with a whole book of sensual forays, yet the reader
also stays around longer, gets more involved, than they would with just a few
pages of titillating prose and a “tableau vivant” in the form of a story.
We are confident that, once again in this series, you will be aroused, piqued,
fascinated – hypnotized, even – by the halls of sexual mirrors our writers have
conjured here. Some stories sound disturbingly autobiographical; others are
fantastical; some are meditative; others full of action.
Putting this anthology together, with e-mail messages spanning the globe, was
a joy and, at times, a pain, as so few writers could be included without fear of
turning this mammoth into an unwieldy and too heavy and expensive volume,
and many a good story could not be used. It’s all part of the process. But, at the
end of the day, this is a damn good book of erotic literature – there’s definitely

end of the day, this is a damn good book of erotic literature – there’s definitely
some sexy, thoughtful, funny and sad stuff going on in these pages: all the
complexities and wonders of human sexuality. So, buy copies for friends, give
them out as gifts, slip them mysteriously under the bed or on the bookshelves of
those you are feeling rather amorous about . . .
Maxim Jakubowski & Michael Hemmingson,
London & San Diego, 1999

NIGHT MOVES
Michael Perkins

“Swing: to shift or fluctuate from one condition, form, position, or object
of attention or favor to another.”
Webster’s New Collegiate Dictionary

Midnight in the Garden
Bruise on her breast,
not my fingertips,
Gloss on her lips,
not licked from me.

Hair a tangled halo
I hadn’t mussed,
Eyes swollen and wanton,
not turned my way,

Her smell of lust

stronger than
sharpest memory;
I could not swallow,
I could barely see.
This was what it meant:
This was being free.

Part One
East Hampton, 1976

ONE
Mora and I had been in East Hampton for two days waiting for the sun to come
out when we ran into Charles and Vy. It was July, the Bicentennial Summer, and
we were on our first vacation as man and wife. We’d accepted a friend’s
invitation to spend a few days at his beach house, but the afternoon we arrived
the rains came, and lasted through the following day. We were grumpy stuck
inside. We wanted to lie naked in the sun.
The next morning, the sun made its appearance, and it was windy when we
walked to the beach. We had the ocean to ourselves, but it was too rough to go
in. Empty blue sky, empty white beach, empty green ocean. The freckled, lively
children further down the beach who were our only neighbors had to be content
with building sandcastles. Mora read a novel and wrote in her journal, frowning
and chewing her lip. It was her way of arguing with me without saying anything,
and also of arguing with herself instead of with me. I shrugged at her silence and
went for a long run on the wet hard sand, where high rolling breakers left thick
clumps of seaweed, but I couldn’t outrace my frustration.
By evening, we were speaking only when spoken to and being scrupulously
polite with each other. We brooded in marital silence over cold gin at Peaches, a
restaurant in Bridgehampton where summer people went that year for a
hamburger or a salad before rushing off to the parties that seem to run around the
clock, summer weekends on the South Fork. When there was a breeze from the
ocean, the leaves of the giant maples on the sidewalk outside scratched softly at
the window screens. On each small round table a slender mirrored vase held a
single rose. It should have been romantic; couples all around us thought it was.
I reached for her hand and she put it quickly in her lap.
“What the hell is wrong with us?”
She sighed and I knew she was grateful that I’d spoken first. The answer was
sitting on her tongue. “It’s marriage. Holy Wedlock.”
“You want to expand on that?”
“I don’t have to. We both know it’s that – why it’s that.”

“I don’t have to. We both know it’s that – why it’s that.”
So we did. Jealousy. Possessiveness. Insecurity. Fights, screaming, threats,
feeling trapped. And keeping score – that was the worst. That computerized
reference file constantly added to of insult and injury, a never-to-be-erased tape
of gritty misery.
“OK. What do we do now? Throw in the towel because the honeymoon isn’t
working out?”
“I don’t know, Richard. I just think being unhappy is a waste of time.”
“Agreed.”
We stared at each other. Neither of us really wanted to be married. Not really.
We were romantics, we weren’t interested in snug harbors – when we spoke of
love, we meant passion. Rub us together and you got fire.
From the time I first saw Mora I was under a spell. I know some magic was
involved, because I was on the defensive after the break-up of a relationship I’d
taken more seriously than I should have. The home truths I’d learned about my
needs were so lacerating, I vowed eternal celibacy.
For six months I’d been living like a monk in a basement sublet in Brooklyn
Heights. It had a single bed I used and a kitchen I didn’t, and little else except
for a color television set and a well-equipped darkroom. No pictures on the
walls, no plants to be watered, no cats to wrap themselves around my ankles
when I came back late from my studio on West 17th Street.
It was a low, unhappy period in my life. I told myself I’d snap out of my funk
any day, but the truth was I was drifting, getting by in a low key. I had let being
in love become a way of defining myself. Alone, I didn’t know who I was.
Mora came along just when I was beginning to spend so much time in Village
bars that the bartenders knew my name, occupation, and marital status. One of
them was an actor I had used as a model. He knew a woman who needed some
pictures.
“She comes in here all the time. Lives just around the block. She’s real
intense.”
“You don’t understand. I take pictures of products, not egos. I don’t do
portfolio glossies and I don’t want to meet any women.”
It was noisy in the bar, right before dinner. Maybe he didn’t hear me.
“She’s a lot of fun. Just let me tell her you’ll do it.”
A few days later she showed up at my studio. I was fussing with lights around
an ornate, old-fashioned bathtub with claw feet. Later in the day, the agency that
had had it delivered to me would come to fill it with towels – I did catalogs, too.
I earn a living with a 35 millimeter camera because when I was a boy I picked
up a Brownie for the first time and discovered my third eye. I have a gift for

up a Brownie for the first time and discovered my third eye. I have a gift for
seeing with the camera lens what the naked eye misses, moments when
formlessness becomes form. When Mora walked through the door, it was one of
those moments.
I stared. She stared back. She was so small I could have fitted her in a large
camera bag. The top of her head came to the middle of my chest. Her curly hair
was short but not mannishly cut, a chestnut brown that smelled like oranges.
Her white skirt showed off her slender legs, and she had thrown a linen jacket
over her thin shoulders. She wore a figa – a small, fist-shaped Brazilian good
luck charm – on a gold chain around her throat, but no earrings, no bracelets:
only a trace of lip gloss. Her tan was so deep, she looked like she’d just stepped
off a plane from someplace south.
I looked away first, after seeing the mischief in her calm green eyes. “Ever
modeled before?”
She shook her head. “Only for my boyfriend’s Polaroid, but the pictures
always came out blurry – you know how those things go. He found it hard to
concentrate.” She suppressed a smirk.
“You don’t say.”
We were grinning at each other. Hers was impish, provocative. “Have you
acted before?”
“Never, if you don’t count Gilbert and Sullivan in grade school. But I’ve tried
everything else and all my friends are in theater this year, so I thought, why
not?”
Her self-confidence was dazzling. It came out in the standard portrait shots I
did of her. Her dark features were wonderfully mobile, and she kept that glint in
her eye. After the shooting, I cancelled my appointment with the bath towel
people and took Mora to dinner.
And so we met. And we made love. She was just as bold in bed as she was
before the camera, very passionate and open; her energy was astonishing. A
month later, I left Brooklyn and moved into her second floor apartment on
Cornelia Street. Things happened fast around Mora.
We lived together for a year, more happily than I’d thought possible. Business
went so well in the studio, I hired a part-time assistant; Mora didn’t have to work
because her father owned a shopping mall and sent her a monthly allowance.
When she decided she had no acting talent, she got into politics for a while, and
then she just started spending all her time at home cooking exotic meals; she told
her friends she was too happy to concentrate on anything more.
What happened was that we got cocky. All the traditional signals had gone off
at the right times, and we started thinking we were different, that we could nail

at the right times, and we started thinking we were different, that we could nail
our feelings to the wall where they would never change. One thing led to another
and, before we knew it, we were standing in City Hall, saying our vows.
Afterwards, we threw a party for our friends, and then when the shock wore off
and we realized what we’d done, we stayed drunk for two days and had a terrific
fight so we could squeeze the last ounce of passion out of making up.
Why did we do it? Talk to anyone: marriage is like getting a diploma in living
as an adult. The license certifies a certain wilful madness for, as we found out,
everyone lies about marriage, especially its kinkier aspects: the manacles of
words at each wrist and ankle, the eager vows that become expectations. The
endless expectations.
We were on our third round of drinks and Mora was snapping her foot back and
forth restlessly and staring off into space. I looked around for a waiter so we
could order dinner, when I saw Charles Venturi sit down at a table near us. He
was the last person I expected to see. He’d been off in Europe for years – since
the early seventies, when we had served time together on the same slick
magazines. We were never close, but I had sought him out and spent time with
him because he fascinated me.
Sitting across from him was a tall blonde woman in her late twenties who had
lovely cheekbones, hollow cheeks, and long delicate wrists, the supple carriage
of a dancer, the long neck and waist of a model. She was beautiful in the
wiredrawn way that well-bred New England daughters who sing Bach on
Sundays can be.
“Look over there,” I said to Mora. “That’s Charles Venturi.”
“They’re a handsome couple,” she admitted. “They look interesting.”
She followed me over to their table.
“Charles! How long have you been back?”
We shook hands and I introduced Mora. The woman with him was Vy
Cameron. In the years I’d known Charles, I hadn’t seen him with a woman who
looked so capable of keeping up. I liked the determination I saw in her pale grayblue eyes, and the demure way she shook my hand, fingers wrapped lightly
around fingers. A lady, with an agenda.
The two of us exchanged the usual inane comments that pass for casual
conversation in the Hamptons, but we kept our eyes on our mates. Mora and
Charles were hitting it off. While he talked, she was giving him what I think of
as the Treatment. The Treatment consists of her undivided attention, of long,
smouldering looks, and sudden, surprising smiles that promise a lot more than
understanding. It’s flattering, and nearly always effective.
After a while, I interrupted them. I saw a chance to change the weather
between Mora and I, the possibility of sun behind the clouds.

between Mora and I, the possibility of sun behind the clouds.
“Let’s get together. Where are you staying?”
“With the man Vy lives with, Maurice.”
I raised my eyebrows, and he looked unexpectedly sheepish for a minute.
“It’s a long story. I’ll save it for later.” He winked.
He suggested that we meet on the beach next day. We talked about time and
place – he knew a beach where it was possible to go without bathing suits – and
returned to our table.
In bed later, Mora asked me to tell her more about him. I was suspicious of
her interest and reluctant at first, but she cuddled up to me and I starting stroking
her and talking. In the dark, her emerald eyes glowed like a cat’s. A cat in heat.
TWO
When it comes to women, Charles has a gift. He hears what they’re saying
between the lines. They find him inordinately seductive, although there isn’t
much about his appearance other than his provocative black eyes that would
suggest such powers of attraction. But he’s solid and dark and intense.
His restless energy is the source of his charisma. His hunger for the varieties
of experience. He grew up fast on the Italian Catholic streets of East Harlem,
where he learned to see the world as a stage, and his part in it as an infinitely
adaptable player. He was attracted to both the smell of incense and the smell of
sex, the sharp aroma of men and the secret fragrance of women. By the age of
forty his resume read like eight lives had been crammed into one. He’d been a
translator, a student of Gurdjieffian teachings, a psychotherapist, a librarian, an
editor of men’s magazines – even a novice with shaved head in a Zen monastery.
His appetite for biography was prodigious.
All this time, he was writing furiously; when he published the books that
established his reputation, his radical ideas about sexuality were treated
respectfully by slick national magazines, a few maverick critics, and even one
incautious Nobel Laureate. It didn’t hurt that he was called a pornographer by a
few midwestern district attorneys who had no idea what he was talking about.
He became a cult figure in the sexual underground. When he stepped out of
the shadows into the spotlight, he represented the forces of eros to the media.
There was applause. He titillated people. Amused them. Sometimes even
succeeded in outraging them. Then, one week, he was on the cover of Life
magazine wearing eye shadow and mascara and grinning about the confusion of
sex roles he embodied. It seems improbable, but it was the sixties. The pot
boiled, and he was there to take his turn stirring it, along with student radicals,

Black Panthers, Yippies, Weather People, and self-destructive rock stars. The
seventies were a let-down for him. I think he went off to Europe primarily
because he was bored and he wanted to see if he’d been missing anything there.
When we met him on the beach, next day, the sky was cobalt blue, and the ocean
was calm as bathwater. Mora smiled at the sun. She was happy again. We found
Charles sitting cross-legged on an orange beach towel at the foot of a golden
dune, brown arms on his knees, gazing out over the rippling water. A lone sail
boat patrolled the line of the horizon. I was disappointed when I didn’t see Vy.
“Thank God for the sun,” I said.
“That’s a big ocean. I’m glad to be on this side of it.”
I unfurled our blue chintz beach spread and Mora helped me to anchor it with
our sandals. We took off our jeans and sprawled next to Charles. Mora began
rubbing lotion into her legs.
“Where’s Vy?”
“She had to play hostess for a while.”
“For Maurice?”
He nodded. “She won’t be long.”
“You share her with him?”
He shrugged. “That’s how it is.”
“How do you feel about that?”
“He loves her in his own way, I guess.” A faint smile played on his lips as he
studied Mora. Her tight smooth flesh overwhelmed the white terrycloth bikini
she wore.
“You’re so casual,” she said. “Have you known her long?”
“I met her when I got back from Europe. Some friends threw a welcome home
party, and she was there. As soon as I saw her, I knew I was in trouble.”
“Trouble?”
“I was turned on, and I knew we wouldn’t be any good for each other – but I
had to have her. I met my match.”
“I want to hear more. All about her,” Mora said. Erotic style fascinated her,
and any woman who could live with two men deserved a great deal of study.
“What does she do?”
“She’s a dancer. But she has many talents.”
“You can tell us more than that.”
“Well, you can ask her yourself,” Charles said, pointing to a tall, erect figure
walking down the beach toward us. Vy wore a Japanese kimono and clogs, and
her blonde hair was piled on top of her head. We could hear her singing in a
high, lilting voice when she got closer, but the words were lost in the muffled
slap of the surf on the beach.

slap of the surf on the beach.
Her first words were breathless, almost hoarse. “I’m so fucking dry I’m going
to have to do a little deep throat to get my voice in the right register. I’m a tenor
in the heat.” She patted her chest. Her palpitating heart.
Mora and I looked at each other. What heat?
“It’s my coloring,” Vy said. “I’m more susceptible than most people. I don’t
like the sun. It causes cancer and it dries up the skin.”
“I worship the sun,” Mora said.
“Well, nothing could have seduced me down to this beach but the thought of
you three doing something delicious without me.” She was overwhelming, regal.
In supplication I opened the bottle of cold Retsina we’d brought, filled four
paper cups, and handed one to her. Charles lit a joint and passed it around.
She settled herself on our blue spread. Mora watched her with narrowed,
admiring eyes. “Now tell me what I’ve missed. Have you been talking about
me? I hope so – it would make me feel so good. All Maurice talks about any
more is deals. Buy that, sell this. Sometimes when he refers to me it’s in the
same tone of voice, and I feel like a jewel he’s tucked into his safety deposit
box.”
She leaned back on her elbows, her gaze fixed on my face, the slender joint
stuck in the corner of her mouth.
“I don’t own a safety deposit box,” Charles said.
“I don’t own a bathing suit,” she purred in a cool, milky voice, removing her
kimono with ladylike panache. Her plump, berry-tipped breasts, flat white belly
and wide hips were exquisite. Her skin blushed that faint pinkish hue found in
the center of certain roses. In the cool salt breeze, she trembled almost
imperceptibly, like a rabbit in a field of shotgun fire. I felt a sudden stabbing
urge to take her in the crook of my arm and press my fingers gently in the wet
hollows of her throat, her elbows, her knees; my groin was beating like a second
heart.
Mora wasn’t to be upstaged. She untied her bikini top with what was meant to
be a casual gesture, but I knew that she was tense. Her normally puffy copper
nipples were tight and hopeful.
Charles grinned happily at the women. “We are fortunate men, Richard.”
Then he told us a story that set the mood for what happened later as much as the
hot sun or the empty beach.
“I was walking on the beach this morning. I didn’t know where I was going,
just walking and thinking and looking for driftwood. There were no people
around, so I took off my trunks. It was about ten o’clock when I realized I was
walking through a gay beach. I almost stepped on a man who was lying in the
surf, masturbating. Something in his face made me stop – whether it was

surf, masturbating. Something in his face made me stop – whether it was
pleasure or invitation, I don’t know. I went down on him, and for five minutes,
maybe ten – it seemed like hours – we were as close as any two bodies can get.
Such an absolute passion – and it happened with a total stranger! Afterwards we
didn’t say anything, but neither of us were looking for romance.”
“I love it,” Mora exclaimed excitedly, clapping her hands. Her cat eyes
flashed. “Anonymous sex, no attachments. It’s too bad heterosexuals can’t be so
honest. I see so many people I’m turned on to, yet I don’t want to talk to them. I
want to take them. Just make love. Between men, it’s better. You both know
what you want, without any illusions . . .” She was breathless.
Vy crossed her arms and cupped her hands over her breasts protectively, as if
guarding her heart. She closed her eyes and sat quite straight and still. “All there
is is romance. The rest is technique,” she said, without opening her eyes. “I’ve
had expert lovers who couldn’t get me wet because they didn’t know any of the
magic words.”
She opened her eyes and focused on Charles. He stretched out casually next to
her, propped on his elbows, looking out to sea. Something seemed to draw him:
he started crawling crab-like on his belly out to the water, leaving a broad,
wrinkled trail in the tawny sand.
We all stared after him. Mora sighed wistfully. “I should have been a man.
You just don’t know how much I fantasize about certain . . . situations.”
“Well, my dear,” Vy said coldly. “We all have to learn the hard way.”
“I guess it’s something I want to learn,” Mora replied, unwilling to give Vy
the last word. “Anyway, Charles says you’re a part of the world I want to learn
about.”
The sharks might have envied Vy’s smile. “I keep myself entertained.”
The static between them made me decide to follow Charles into the surf. I
crawled for a bit, felt silly, and walked the rest of the way. He was lying on his
back, letting the sudsy foam wash over his body, decorating his hirsute chest and
legs with green seaweed and fragments of sea shells. Looking at him lying there,
I thought of the man in his story.
“Let the two of them work it out,” he said. “We’re just in the way.”
“I’m grateful that Mora’s found someone to talk to. She’s been in a funk.”
“Tell me about her.”
“What you see is Mora. She hides nothing. She’s an all-or-nothing type. Black
or white, no grays.”
“Get out of her way when she decides what she wants.”
“Exactly. She wants my soul. She gets jealous if I talk with a bank clerk too
long. I try to tell her that I’m not interested in anyone but her, but she sees what
she wants to see. Marriage has done us in, I think.”

she wants to see. Marriage has done us in, I think.”
He shook his head sympathetically. “But before you got married – how were
things?”
“God was in his heaven and all was right with the world . . . You know what
it’s like.”
“So why did you do it?”
“Get married? I guess I’d have to plead insanity. I knew better, and I did it
anyway.”
He snorted in recognition. “I’m sorry, but I think you’re taking it all too
seriously, Richard. Loosen up.”
“How do I do that?”
“Stop arguing. Stop anticipating.”
“Is that what you learned in Europe?”
He laughed this time. His eyes lit up with mirth. There was a patch of wet
sand on his cheek. “What do you know about me, Richard?”
“Not much. But I always thought you knew about women.”
“Then let me tell you something: Mora wants more than marriage can offer
her right now. She wants to play, it’s as simple as that.”
“Simple?” I couldn’t swallow that.
“Look, you’re on vacation. Try something different.”
He winked amiably, walked into the water to clean the sand off, and sprinted
up the beach. I knew what he meant because the idea had been lurking in the
back of my mind since we’d met at Peaches; but I knew that I didn’t want
anyone but me making love to Mora.
I knew she’d had lovers in the past, but they were shadows framed by
shadows. Charles was sharp and immediate. Yet I had to admit to myself that the
image of the four of us together on a bed heated my imagination – that perhaps
my curiosity was stronger than my apprehension.
I wanted Vy, but I tried to shake my head clear of her as I walked back up the
beach to our blue chintz island in the sand. Sleeping with other people when
you’re married leads to trouble, I told myself.
I should have listened, but of course I didn’t.
Indelible image: Charles was standing in a half crouch, swimming briefs
kicked aside, feet planted heavily in the sand, calves bulging, body glistening,
while Vy’s blonde head bobbed vigorously between his thighs. Mora was
leaning back, breasts free, snapping pictures with my Pentax. In her hands it was
almost a sexual instrument. I threw up my hands in surprise and she swung
around to take my picture. Far down the empty beach, a boy was throwing rocks
into the surf, but he was a speck in the distance.

Snap. There are glimpses, in a late afternoon sun, of the future. They come
unbidden, and they enter the heart and lodge there. The dark fuzz on Charles’s
thighs; the shuddering in Vy’s back as she pulled him into her; Mora’s obvious
arousal as she clicked the shutter. There was an excitement in the air – of people
about to experiment with their lives – that wasn’t to be dissipated by the salt
breeze.
“It feels right,” Mora said brightly when she handed me the camera.
“Does it?” I was doubtful. I had fists at the ends of my arms, fingers closed
tightly into my palms. My tongue fluttered helplessly, like the tail of an animal
I’d gotten stuck in my throat.
Vy leaned back from Charles, licked her lips delicately, and lighted a black
Sobranie cigarette. She winked at me. Charles sat in the sand, looking seductive.
I thought I could hear the wheels turning in his head.
“Why don’t we have dinner together? We can whip up something easy at
Maurice’s, and let the evening take care of itself.”
THREE
Vy drove off in a blue Mercedes. She blew a kiss through the window and
scrunched gravel as she left the beach parking lot. The gesture seemed to enlarge
her: fingertips to her lips, the wide unexpected smile, the pressure of her foot on
the gas pedal. We followed in Charles’s Clunker Deluxe. “ ‘The station car’,” he
joked. “That’s what they call vintage Detroit iron out here. It’s what I can afford.
Maurice watches that Mercedes like a hawk. I think he has the soul of a
chauffeur.”
I shrugged. “Shoulders were made for burdens.”
I sat on the outside and Mora was squeezed between us. We dripped sand on
the floor of the car and the hot vinyl seats stuck to our thighs. Despite the heat,
Mora’s skin was cool and moist.
“You’re a Scorpio sandwich,” Charles said to her, reminding me that we
shared our birthdays. Then he touched her.
We were heading down the Montauk Highway and had slowed on the
outskirts of Amagansett, where a train had derailed. The road swarmed with
police, gawkers, and dazed passengers. Charles lifted his hand from the steering
wheel and pressed the back of it against Mora’s breasts. Lightly. It was the
simplest, most casual of gestures, so natural I felt like I was stealing something
from them because I stared. I looked quickly out the window, feeling
embarrassed – and angry at myself for feeling that way.
Mora giggled and clapped a hand over her mouth. She put her left hand on
Charles’s knee and her right hand on my thigh and stroked us both. Her face was

Charles’s knee and her right hand on my thigh and stroked us both. Her face was
red, even through her tan.
I don’t know how to explain it, but I was as shocked as if Charles had stroked
my nipples. Those weren’t his breasts, they were mine. Mine. But I could tell by
the way Mora was breathing that she didn’t agree that marriage had made me a
man of property.
We passed dunes tufted with islands of waving sword grass, rows of beach
cottages, the potato fields of July, and then I saw the windmill in East Hampton.
We drove through the town’s sparkling center. In the late afternoon light it was
still, unreal, a postcard.
“An extraordinary afternoon,” I said in the silence. There was more I wanted
to say, but I couldn’t find the words. Mora’s fingers were having the desired
effect on me.
I was confused by the male complicity I felt with Charles. When he touched
Mora, she became a strange woman we’d picked up together. From then on, two
plus one equaled more than three.
FOUR
However shocking or perhaps just plain perverse it may seem, when I saw Mora
naked with Charles and Vy it wasn’t jealousy that I felt. It was lust that grew in
my belly, like a sapling putting down roots. I knew the voyeur’s stunned delight
in achieving erotic perspective. Our nakedness created the illusion that we had
entered another dimension, a counter world of the id, where our apprehensions
were removed with our clothes and past and future ceased to exist.
Vy’s bedroom was white, but by no means chaste. White walls, white
sheepskin rugs on the parquet floor, huge antique mirrors, white vases filled with
daisies, and a platform bed on which the three of them sat as if on a tongue
sticking out of fluffy clouds, for the silk spread was white, but the sheets
underneath were crimson. Satin.
I sauntered around the room, determined to be casual, sipping my brandy and
looking at things, conscious of the cool night air on my bare skin. I studied four
large framed photographs of Vy on one gleaming white wall, two of them by
young fashion photographers I knew. In the portraits, she was elegant and
stylish, with formidable cheekbones and a frosty gaze; I didn’t see in them the
woman I’d watched kneeling before Charles on the beach.
When I walked over to the bed, Mora and Vy were lying on each side of
Charles like houris, watching him stroke himself. His tongue moistened his dry
lips, and his strong hands moved slowly from his knees up his firm thighs to his
rounded belly. His breath came in shallow gasps. His chest swelled and his

rounded belly. His breath came in shallow gasps. His chest swelled and his
nipples pointed. I shivered. We would play a game, a sexual Simon says.
We drew matches and Charles won. He asked that Vy and Mora stretch out
between his thighs and handed me the Polaroid. I was happy to hide behind it
because I felt flushed and my ears were ringing.
It was the first time I’d seen Mora hesitant about lovemaking; her touch was
tentative at first and she followed Vy’s lead. Charles’s swollen flesh glowed
wetly in the soft light of a bedside candle. From my new perspective as voyeur, I
saw that what was exciting about oral sex was not the mechanics of one person
satisfying another, but the selfless art of it, the submission of ego to pleasure.
The women’s tongues and fingers worked gently and assiduously; Charles
groaned. The phrases that broke from his lips were the mutterings of gratified
desire. I waited until they had forgotten the camera before I snapped a picture.
They all blinked and looked around dazedly when the flash went off. Once
again; and then it was time to draw matches. Mora’s turn. I was surprised when
she moved toward Vy instead of Charles, but when she touched Vy’s breasts, Vy
turned her long body to the side.
“Not yet,” she said huskily. “Let me warm up, first.”
Mora smiled as if she’d expected the rebuff, and crawled to Charles, climbing
atop him, swivelling her hips to claim his hardness. The two of them flowed into
each other.
For a moment then, it hurt like hell. I remembered every time Mora and I had
made love, the heat and wetness, our nerves rushing to release, our ragged
romantic promises, the closeness of sex during times when we couldn’t even
speak to each other. I was drawn to her; I handed Vy the camera and knelt beside
them, kissing Mora and stroking her taut breasts, placing my fingertips on her
pubic mound to feel the movement of Charles’s flesh inside her, beneath the soft
maidenhair.
The room melted, contracting so that only the bed existed. My hands moved
over their bodies, urging them together, teaching Charles about Mora’s
responses, sculpting them. When the flashbulb went off, we blinked like animals
in the dark.
It was Vy’s turn. “Whoo, boy,” she exclaimed. “This is most extraordinary. Hot,
hot, hot.”
“Tell us what you want, before things get out of hand.”
“I want to take Richard into the next room.”
“No pictures?”
“Just the two of us, no silly cameras.”
I was more than a little frightened of Vy. Shyness, I suppose, and the fact that

I was more than a little frightened of Vy. Shyness, I suppose, and the fact that
I was attracted to her. The room she took me to was obviously a guest room.
Rattan furniture in the shadows, a colorful hand-sewn quilt on a large brass bed,
moonlight making patterns on a faded Chinese rug.
We didn’t make it to the bed. I reached for her but she slipped away, onto her
knees, and took my flesh into her warm mouth. I thought my knees would fold,
and my hands went to her shoulders for support while fire raced up and down
my spine. It was over before I could take a deep breath, while my fingers were
still caressing her silky hair and finding the secret places of her delicate skull.
I was shaking all over. “Whew!” I breathed after a moment spent looking for
my head, which had shot like a rocket to the ceiling. “That was too fast.”
She chuckled, licking her lips like a cat over a saucer of milk. She rose
gracefully and shrugged her square shoulders into her caftan. “That calls for a
drink,” she said, going into the next room for the brandy.
I was aware of a steady, rhythmic thumping through the wall and wondered
for a minute if she’d return. I lighted a hurricane lamp next to the bed and
waited. She reappeared with the bottle and two glasses, looking younger and
more vulnerable in the flickering light.
“So the doors of marriage creak open,” she said.
“I think you oiled the hinges with that one.”
“Well, I’m good at what I do. I enjoy the power of doing that. It wasn’t until I
saw men from that perspective – on my knees, in absolute control of them – that
I realized they weren’t omnipotent.”
She was too glib; it had bothered me since our first conversation. She sensed
my skepticism. Not about what she’d said, but about her sophistication in regard
to swinging.
“I was born this way. No illusions. I look at things in black and white. It’s like
not having eyelids.”
I wanted to hold her, to press my body against hers, to feel the length of her
thighs on mine, but she sat away from me, smoking one of her cigarettes. Her
sharp profile cut through the aromatic blue haze.
“I wish I didn’t love Charles so much, that I could turn it on and off.”
I lifted my glass. “Here’s to marriage.”
She sniffled. She was squinting and her eyes were wet, but that might have
been the smoke.
“Marriage? That’s for victims. I don’t intend to be a victim ever again. That’s
why I stay with Maurice, even though I know it drives Charles crazy.”
“What have you got against marriage?”
She pouted mock-dramatically.
“His name is James Lee Tait. My used-to-be. Three years of holy wedlock

“His name is James Lee Tait. My used-to-be. Three years of holy wedlock
made a sorrowful woman of me. He promised everything – he had the gift of
promise, you know? – but in the end it was the same old song and dance.”
“So you divorced him.”
“Not without a lot of turmoil. A woman gets attached to you creatures, and a
divorce is like losing . . . your past, maybe your future.”
I wanted to understand. “Do you hate him?”
“No, not really. Let’s just say I envy his get-up-and-gall. I suffered over that.
He’s a singer, and I waited in the wings of his career and let mine slide; I had my
own ambitions.”
“You make marriage sound like a minefield.”
“It’s no picnic. It’s the most dangerous relationship you can have. A contract
made in hell.”
“And Charles? How does he fit in?”
“He doesn’t believe in marriage, and he lets me do what I want to do. We
have a pact: no apologies. Jimmy was the kind of man who was always saying
‘I’m sorry’ while he was stepping on my feet – but I could have twisted his balls
into a daisy chain. Charles, on the other hand, makes no bones about being
exactly who he is, and he never apologizes. I don’t expect anything from him, so
I’m never disappointed.”
I stretched out in the bed, thinking about marriage, and Mora and Charles in
the next room.
“Sorry. I’m rattling on, and I know you’re thinking about Mora. She’s so
restless.”
I told her about my first wife, wishing that the scars were visible so I could
show her. I tried to explain about Mora. “Sometimes I feel like she’s only mine
on loan, that nothing will ever satisfy her.”
“She’s vibrating like a spinning top. Nothing will slow her down; she’s like a
natural force. Take it from another woman.”
“I love her. You love Charles. We’re crazy.”
“Charles says two plus two equals twelve.”
“Charles is crazy.”
“I know.”
“But you’d rather be with him right now, wouldn’t you?”
“Well? Wouldn’t you rather be with Mora?”
“That’s not what’s happening.”
“You’re evading the question. I mean, what if Charles fucks her better than
you ever did? He’s very good.”
Check. I couldn’t bear any more conversation. I wanted to make love to Vy. It
was the only answer I had.

was the only answer I had.
“I can’t,” she protested when I touched her. I put my hand through the
opening in her caftan onto her cool stomach. “I absolutely cannot, I’m sorry.”
“I don’t understand.”
“Charles and I made love while you were off looking for Mora before dinner.
He’s big, and I’m sore. It’s my background,” she sighed theatrically. “Fairskinned mothers. Delicate skin. Look here, I’ll show you.”
She opened the caftan and spread her white thighs. “You see the blood?”
The lips of her vulva were irritated and swollen, and there was a tiny drop of
blood on her clitoris. Imagine the center of a rose with a drop of blood on a petal
...
I found cotton and peroxide in a bathroom medicine cabinet and brought them
back without looking in on Charles and Mora. I heard them talking through the
closed door and I wanted to eavesdrop, but I wanted to make love to Vy more.
“Your hands are so gentle,” she told me when I wiped away the drop of blood
and covered her soreness with vaseline. The glistening petals of her sex opened
beneath my fingers.
“I’ll stop. I promise you. If it hurts, I’ll stop.”
She squirmed evasively when I penetrated her. I stopped, moving again only
when she opened to receive me. She whispered hotly in my ear while she licked
it with the point of her tongue. “I trust you. No reason, but I do. I know you’ll
stop – but please don’t stop now.”
I cupped the plump weight of her buttocks in my palms and let myself be
swallowed by her. We got lost in the dialogue of bodies, questioning and
answering, alone on a gently rolling sea in the blackest night.
She pulled a yellow popper out of the darkness and crushed it between her
fingers, holding the amyl nitrate to my nose and then to her own. We both
inhaled deeply and felt our hearts rush to where our genitals were, riding on the
cloudy, pungent chemical high like surfers on a wave.
“Oooo!” she cried out, as if in a dream. I heard someone wailing, without
realizing it was me. Each wave that took us was bigger than the last, and we
were no longer rocking gently but struggling together to stay afloat.
I heard tapping on the floor and looked down to see my fingers doing a fast
dance on the wide boards. I was half off the bed and sweat was pouring from me.
Vy’s body was arched, a dying swan. There was a roaring in my ears like the
ocean at the same time I heard knocking on the door, and then I hit the last,
biggest wave and was dragged head over heels into shore. Vy’s whole body
clenched and she followed me, digging her nails into the backs of my arms. A
high thin noise came from her throat.
When I opened my eyes, Charles was standing over us, naked, grinning,

When I opened my eyes, Charles was standing over us, naked, grinning,
scratching his chest. “Birds would give up a winter’s feed to hit that note,” he
said, while Vy shuddered and I navigated the re-entry to consciousness.
“What time is it?”
“Half past four. You two make a lot of noise.”
Mora moved from the shadows to stand beside him, her hand on his shoulder.
Her hair was matted and wet and she was ragged around the edges. They looked
like weasels who’d been in the chicken coop. There should have been feathers
hanging from their swollen satisfied mouths.
“I won’t be able to explain this away tomorrow morning,” Charles said. “I
won’t believe it. It was so incredibly high at times. So intense.”
“I guess we did it after all.” Mora smiled tiredly, shaking her head in happy
disbelief.
“I don’t know what could be bad about this,” I said.
Vy sat up and stretched, pulling Charles’s hand to her breast. “It was divine,
and I love you all, and I don’t know what to say, except that we’ve been very
wicked.”
Charles yawned and rubbed his eyes sleepily. Mora came to sit next to me on
the rumpled bed that smelled of sex and poppers and cigarettes. We kissed
Charles and Vy goodnight with the gentle exhaustion of sated lovers, and Mora
and I curled up spoon-fashion on the bed. She was mine again, for a few hours.

Part Two
New York City, 1977

FIVE
In the pictures I developed of the four of us on the beach, our faces are aglow
with anticipation and pleasure. Our shyness is not fear of each other, but of the
unknown. There are no shadows under our eyes, no tightness around our mouths;
no hint of desperation clouds our sunny expressions. Our discovery of adultery
was almost painless – and the timing was right.
“I thought I had it figured out,” Mora said when we looked at the wet proofs
in my darkroom. “Love and sex and relationship. Marriage – the idea that if you
want this, you can’t have that – that was what was wrong with us. Then what
happens? We go and break all the rules. We find out that marriage has got
corners and angles we didn’t know existed.”
Turn around. We were friends again. The bad habits we had fallen into
disappeared overnight, as quickly as rubbing condensation from a window. We
were able to treat each other lovingly again. Trust reappeared. Freedom was
exhilarating.
Predictably, the few friends – married couples – we told about Charles and Vy
thought we’d gone off the deep end. A relationship with one other person was
difficult enough, they scoffed. Three was arrogance, asking for it on the chin.
None of them raised moral objections and they didn’t ask how we felt: and since
we knew their marriages and their reasons for being cynical, we paid no
attention to them.
Months after returning from East Hampton, we received a note from Vy. She
was in London.
“Richard and Mora loves –
Still don’t know what magic you worked.
Let’s get together when I get back
so we can find out. Kisses, Vy Cameron”
Curious, Mora called Charles – not without some trepidation, but the phone was

Curious, Mora called Charles – not without some trepidation, but the phone was
her instrument, not mine. I got on the extension.
“Maurice took her over to meet some of his friends,” Charles explained. He
sounded lonely by himself in Maurice’s big house, and resentful that Vy had
gone off without him. “I guess there’s a party circuit for septuagenarians in the
countryside around London. Discreet scenes in the stately homes of England.”
“That lady gets around. I wish I had her style.”
“Come out and see me. We’ll go for walks on the beach, and spend a lot of
time in bed. Just us chickens.”
“It’s the middle of the week, Charles. Richard can’t get away; he has
shootings lined up.”
“I didn’t invite Richard.”
She paused and looked at me. “We’re a team, you know that. I wouldn’t go
anywhere without him.”
I threw her a kiss, my hand over the receiver.
“Look, the words wedlock and hammerlock are not synonymous. They don’t
add up to virtue. Besides, you’re not just a ‘twosome’, you’re half of a
‘foursome’ – silly words, it sounds like we’re talking about golf . . .”
“I’m sorry –”
“Maybe if you did some homework, since I’m not around to keep things
stirred up.”
“What? What kind of homework?”
“Now I’ve got your interest piqued. I’ll mail you your next lesson.” I heard a
dry chuckle on the other end.
I broke in. “Come and see us.”
“Oh. There you are, Richard. You should breathe more heavily when you’re
spying on people.”
“Mora knew I was on the extension. I trust her, but not you. Why don’t you
come visit us?”
“No, I don’t think so. I’m going to hole up out here and try to get some work
done. Fasting and abstinence and hard work, that’s the prescription. I’ll be a
different man, the next time you see me.”
“Like?”
“Lean and hungry, I suppose, and head over heels in love.”
“You mean because absence makes the heart grow fonder?”
He chuckled again. “Love is what I feel when I want to get laid. Abstinence,
that’s what makes the heart grow fonder.”
He wasn’t kidding about our homework. The clipping arrived in the mail two
days later. He had cut it from the classified section of a sex tabloid.

days later. He had cut it from the classified section of a sex tabloid.
The advertisement was for a private club called Plato’s Retreat that had
recently opened on lower Fifth Avenue.
“The first on-premise club which meets in Manhattan – which means the
party’s right there . . .” It mentioned facilities like whirlpool baths, disco floor,
swing rooms, and free bar and buffet.
It made me think of restaurant ads for Thanksgiving and Christmas and New
Year’s – a meal, some hats, streamers and horns. I imagined people as lonely as
forgotten uncles and single people with nowhere else to go buying some holiday
companionship for a package price.
We looked at each other.
“We could go and just see what’s going on,” Mora said, barely concealing the
excitement in her voice.
“Somehow I don’t think swinging is a spectator sport, love.”
“Please, Richard: let’s go take a look. I’m really curious.”
“I don’t know if I can handle it.”
“We’ll stick together, I promise. Besides, there’ll be a woman for every man
there. What if you meet someone?”
“I don’t know. What if I do?”
“Well, you won’t turn her down, will you?”
When we called the number in the ad for information, a woman told us that
Plato’s Retreat was open from ten until five in the morning, and directed us to an
older loft building below Madison Square Park. We stood on the broad, empty
avenue opposite the building, sharing a joint and getting our nerve up. It was
Saturday night, after eleven. People were arriving in taxis and entering the
building. A limousine hugged the curb.
Stoned, we took a small, rattling elevator to the fifth floor and stepped off into
a spartan reception area crowded with a desk and three pretty, businesslike
young women wearing black Plato’s Retreat T-shirts. I handed over twenty-five
dollars to the one who winked at me, and we received orange membership cards
with the club name on one side and a list of rules on the other.
1.
2.
3.
4.
5.

Only couples or unescorted females allowed in the club.
No single male will be admitted without an escort.
If female of couple leaves the club, the male escort must accompany her.
No drugs or drug abuse on the premises.
Neither part of the couple is prostituting themselves.

Stepping through black curtains sewn with sequins, we found ourselves at the

Stepping through black curtains sewn with sequins, we found ourselves at the
head of a long, dark corridor where shadowy half-dressed figures stood about
passing joints, plastic glasses in their hands. They gave us slow, appraising looks
as we brushed past them, and past the voyeurs who crowded the doorways of the
swing rooms. By peering over shoulders, I could see a few people rolling about
athletically on mattresses. I was surprised by how passionless both participants
and onlookers seemed.
In the main room at the end of the corridor, sixty or seventy fully dressed
people crowded around a tiny dance area, watching two women wearing white
towels move listlessly with the loud disco music. Others sat on giant inflatable
cushions in a mirrored alcove next to a postage stamp-sized bar, where drinks
were being dispensed by a moon-faced black woman in a low-cut silver blouse.
The crystal ball revolving slowly above the room threw long shadows across the
expectant, anxious faces of the middle class waiting to be set free of their
inhibitions.
“My high school dances were livelier,” I told Mora.
“It’s still early. They’ll loosen up, you’ll see.”
“What makes you so sure?”
“Because it’s my night, and that’s what I want to happen.”
“See anyone you like?”
I pointed out a few couples, but she dismissed the men. I was puzzled. I
realized that I didn’t know what attracted her to certain men and not to others.
“How can you know what they’re like if you don’t talk to them?”
“It’s what they do with their eyes. And their hands. Body language.”
The men she was attracted to had to radiate a certain energy, an indefinable
electricity that was invisible to me. I went to get drinks for us and when I got
back to her she had her eye on a tall, lean man with curly hair, a bump on his
nose and a prominent adam’s apple. He was in the middle of a graceful dance
with a heavy-breasted brunette whose blissful, lascivious grin betrayed no
awareness that the towel she wore was slipping off her hips. His eyes were
closed and his mouth was set in a severe pout. He looked like Huntz Hall,
lantern-jawed Satch from the Bowery Boys’ movies.
“Him?” I asked doubtfully.
“What’s wrong with him?”
“I’m . . . surprised, that’s all.”
“Look at the way he dances. The man has energy in his back pockets to
spare.”
“Uh huh.”
When the music stopped, he stood there wiping the perspiration from his face
with a handkerchief. Mora saw her chance. She squeezed my hand, whispered,

with a handkerchief. Mora saw her chance. She squeezed my hand, whispered,
“Be back in a minute,” and walked up to him. I watched him lean forward to talk
with her over the noise, look in my direction, nod a few times, and then she was
back.
“That’s a smirk on your face,” I said.
“He turns me on. He says we should go to the locker room and get
undressed.”
“That’s friendly of him. Which one is the woman he came with? The
brunette?”
“He works here.”
“Oh.”
“He says once you’ve got your clothes off, you won’t have any trouble
picking someone up.”
She didn’t get it.
In the locker room, he was waiting for us, talking with a dumpy woman in a
Plato’s T-shirt who was in charge of towels and padlocks. We undressed and he
introduced himself, blinking myopically. His hand was large and wet.
“Richard, my name is Stanley. Mora says this is your first time here.”
“That’s right.”
“I could tell when you walked in.”
“How’s that?”
“You’re not lookin’ at the women like you’re here for the same thing they’re
here for, if you know what I mean.”
Mora was standing between us, adjusting her towel to cover her breasts. He
took her arm, winked at me, and started to leave.
“How long will you be? I mean, where will we meet?”
“Don’t wait around,” Stanley advised over his shoulder. “Just say hello. Just
be friendly.”
I was stunned. The dumpy woman looked at me like she knew what I was
thinking and handed me a towel to wrap around my waist. “He’s smooth, isn’t
he?” she said. The son-of-a-bitch.
I made my way slowly through the crowd back to the bar, feeling selfconscious about my nakedness, feet avoiding people with shoes on, my chest
brushing against fabric, fingers hooked in the towel so it wouldn’t come
unknotted. I got another drink at the bar and sat down on a nearby couch.
I tried to remember what it was like to pick up a woman, how it was done in
the movies and on television. I hadn’t tried to pick up anyone since high school.
As I remembered, it was no fun.
If Vy had walked in the room right then, I would have climbed all over her.
After a while, I found myself staring at a Puerto Rican woman in a clinging

After a while, I found myself staring at a Puerto Rican woman in a clinging
black dress who was sitting on the other end of the couch. She had a nice, shy
smile and a diamond ring on her finger, and she was watching her husband – a
muscular man with more cleavage showing than most of the women in the room
– flirt with a blonde dancing in front of him. The blonde was attracting an
audience of still-clothed men who stood around, whispering their admiration, but
she was playing to the Puerto Rican hunk. She wore a black lace camisole and
one thin strap kept falling off her shoulder, baring a small, firm round breast; as
she whirled, she flipped up the front of her undergarment, revealing plump
boyish buttocks and pale straw pubic hair shaved in the form of a heart.
Seeing her husband so transfixed, the Puerto Rican woman moved toward me
on the couch. I smiled cautiously and looked into eyes as round and bright as
new black buttons. Thinking that no one was looking, that her husband was
preoccupied with the blonde, I put my hand on her knee. She looked pleased but
nervous.
I was wrong about her husband. The next thing I knew, he was angrily
knocking my hand away and hissing at me. Spitting words of warning. I’m sure I
blushed. I muttered my apologies and turned my head back to the dance floor.
Mora had predicted that people would loosen up as it got later, and they did.
Those who’d come to gawk were leaving, clothes were disappearing, and towels
were slipping provocatively. I didn’t see Mora anywhere. The Bee Gees’
“Stayin’ Alive” bounced around the room like a badminton ball on moving jets
of water. The smoothness of disco music, its continuous, creamy beat, its
plaintive voices echoing forever the rhythmic invitation to dance, pulled me to
my feet.
Mora wasn’t in the swing rooms, so I went to the steamy, wet room where
three whirlpool baths churned in semi-darkness. Couples cavorted in the bubbly
water. I saw Mora and started to join her. A man next to me came to life.
“Couples only,” he growled, pointing to a sign above the door that the rising
steam had obscured. I noted his thick biceps and stepped back, but a small boy
inside me jumped up and down in protest.
“But I’m half of a couple. The other half is in there, and I want to say hello to
her.”
“Maybe she don’t want to see you right now. Wait till she comes out. Be a
gentleman.”
I took a deep breath and nodded. There was nothing to do but wait for her at
the bar. All that mattered was that one of us was having a good time, I told
myself. The booze made the lie somewhat more palatable.
I tried to strike up conversations with various women at the bar, but they
could smell my desperation, the way dogs smell fear. Mora emerged at last,

could smell my desperation, the way dogs smell fear. Mora emerged at last,
wrapped in a white towel. She glowed. Her pupils were bright, and her damp
skin was red from the heat of the whirlpool. Her small hands were waterwrinkled.
“Whew! I am wiped out, Richard.”
She put her arms around my waist and nuzzled her damp forehead into my
shoulder like a puppy.
“I saw you in there – you were very busy.”
“I don’t have the words to express it . . . You know how, when you’re a kid,
you don’t think you belong anywhere?”
“I do, sure.”
“Richard, I felt like I belonged, like there was a secret society of people like
me . . .”
I was upset. “Like a stamp club?”
She stepped back. “Oh, shit, Richard. If you don’t understand, I don’t know
who will.”
“I’ve been feeling like an outcast from that secret society of yours.”
“I’m really sorry I was gone so long. Why didn’t you join us?”
I told her about the bouncer and she frowned.
“Come on, we’ll go back in. We’ll stay together.”
Our bare feet squished on the wet carpeting of the whirlpool room. I blinked
my eyes to adjust to the darkness. She dropped her towel and lowered herself
into the swirling water slowly, until she was covered up to the neck. Hazy amber
lights set into the side of the tub made her look silver, like a mermaid
shimmering in the warm water. I settled next to her, my genitals floating free.
We were alone, although small groups of people nearby were groaning and
splashing about enthusiastically.
She beamed like a kid at Christmas and fondled me, her hand making waves
in the water. We kissed long and slowly, and didn’t come up for air until we
heard splashing in the water near us.
“I think we’ve got company,” Mora whispered in my ear, the point of her
tongue playing warmly in its whorls.
When I looked up, I saw the blonde from the dance floor sitting between
Stanley’s legs. He grinned at me like a benevolent pasha and winked at Mora. I
stared at the blonde’s long slender legs and the heart-shaped pubic hair between
them, and she smiled back at me with curiosity in her eyes.
“People are talking about you two,” Stanley said.
“Who?” I was skeptical.
“The regulars. People in the scene.”
“Maybe they’re talking about Mora, but I’ve been batting zero.”

“Maybe they’re talking about Mora, but I’ve been batting zero.”
“Shyness turns women on. Tracey noticed you.”
Bullshit she’d noticed me, but I didn’t care – for some reason, Stanley had
brought her along, she was sitting not four feet away, and all I had to do was
figure out some clever way of crossing the ocean between us.
She made it easy by speaking first, in a squeaky voice that managed to make
Brooklyn sound sexy. “I saw your mustache, and I just adore mustaches, and
Stanley said you were probably a really nice guy, so when he asked me to come
in here with him for just a minute I decided to forget that it was two in the
morning because I like nice people more than I like going home in a cab by
myself – don’t you think Plato’s is really neat? I feel right at home . . .”
Mora and I looked at each other in disbelief, and then turned to study Tracey
from top to bottom. It was true: she was indeed one of the most beautiful women
either of us had seen outside of the pages of Playboy. The important details were
all in place: her firm breasts and plump buttocks belonged in a centerfold, her
skin was smooth and soft, and she was without wrinkles or scars. She even
wrinkled her nose like a cheerleader.
I looked her straight in the eyes, all at once sure where I had hesitated before.
“Tracey,” I said. “You are a goddess. I say that without a doubt in my mind.”
She cooed. “I knew you were going to be a sweety! I can always pick them out
– and nice equals sexy.”
I felt buoyant. Maybe it was the water, but I think it was relief. I reached for
her ankle and she let me hold it while Stanley floated through the water to Mora.
Then she took my hand and placed it on her belly. “I want to feel you in my
belly, filling me up.”
I couldn’t believe my luck. Like a kid about to raid the cookie jar, I looked
around to see if anyone was watching. Mora was riding Stanley in the water,
holding on to his shoulders with her fingertips and looking into his eyes. I
touched Tracey’s breasts and felt electricity course through my palm and wrist
and up my arm. I thought I heard her purring when I kissed her inner thighs, and
then she folded herself into me, hands braced against the edge of the tub, and we
became deep sea divers, carrying on like estrous dolphins.
It seemed like hours later that we surfaced, only to hear the announcement
over the sound system that the club was about to close. Sex had stretched time
like a rubber band.
Close? Tracey and I held on to each other like exhausted boxers against the
ropes. Mora and Stanley were out of the water, drying themselves off. I hadn’t
had enough – I didn’t care what time it was, I had only just discovered the
delights of Plato’s, and I wasn’t ready to go home. Another ten minutes . . .
I was also water-logged; every cell squished. Tracey gave me a huge grin as

I was also water-logged; every cell squished. Tracey gave me a huge grin as
she climbed out of the whirlpool, and I managed to plant a kiss on her firm left
buttock.
“It’s four o’clock in the morning, lover,” she said. “Time to go home.”
I stood up. “Here’s a towel, Richard,” Mora said.
I took it reluctantly, looking around like a man who’s been rudely awakened
from a glorious wet dream. I heard Stanley’s laughter in the background.
Mora put her arm around me and whispered in my ear, “You see what it’s like
now. You see how you can get lost in it. Can you blame me for doing what I
can?”
“Not any more. Not now.” I was sure that I could promise her that
understanding.
Out on the street, we blinked at the dawn light like sleepy moles and walked
down Fifth Avenue with our arms around each other. The early morning city was
like an open bedroom; we scrutinized the people we passed on the sidewalk as if
they were hurrying naked through Plato’s. The world was sexualized.
“I told you that you would meet someone,” Mora said.
“If it hadn’t been for you . . .”
“Stanley gave me his telephone number. He made a big deal of it.”
“Do they live together?”
“I think so. Do you want to do it again?”
“It’s not fair to ask me now,” I told her. “It’s Christmas morning.”
She squeezed me. “You know what? I’m happy. I think we make a good
team.”
“Sweet Jesus, take pity on our lust.”

SIX
Mora was sitting up to her neck in a tub of hot water and I was scrubbing her
back. Her skin was turning red from the water and my fingernails, and the rising
steam was curling the yellow wallpaper. Her slippery soft body was light as cork
under my hands, the delicate bones of her arms and legs like wires holding her in
the water.
We were talking about Plato’s. She said her mother had always told her that in
marriage you can’t eat your cake and have it too. She referred to her mother
when she was uncertain; it helped her make up her mind, usually the other way.
“You can’t have it both ways.”
I wondered. Most of the people at Plato’s were married, and I supposed they
lived tolerable lives together, no different from ours except that they shared a
recreational interest – they went to bed with strangers. Sex to them was an end in

recreational interest – they went to bed with strangers. Sex to them was an end in
itself, its own perfect justification.
“Your mother also said marriage was forever.”
“Only bachelors, loose women and divorced people fucked around.”
“But swingers don’t have to get divorced – they divorce sex from love. The
advantages are obvious.”
She chuckled. “They don’t have to say they’re working late.”
“Or rent motel rooms.”
“And they can still file joint returns.”
I lifted the damp hair from the back of her neck and kissed the hollow there –
it always gave her goose pimples. “They don’t have to tell lies, but they must get
jealous sometimes, like everyone else,” I whispered.
“That tickles!”
We messed around until everything got slippery. A little later, the phone rang
in the bedroom. It was Stanley, inviting us to a private party at his place in New
Jersey. Mora was tentative when she talked with him, but I knew she wanted to
go. So did I.
Stanley lived in one of those high rise towers on the bluffs in New Jersey, ten
minutes by taxi on the other side of the Lincoln Tunnel. It was an evening in late
November, and there was a promise of snow in the air. A uniformed doorman
checked off our names against a typed guest list. He was businesslike, but his
eyes lingered on Mora’s breasts. He knew what we were up to.
Tracey opened the door and squealed happily at the sight of us. Her black silk
blouse gaped open and, when she kissed me on the cheek, my hand slipped
inside of its own accord.
“Stanley, come see who’s here,” she called over her shoulder. “I’m really
happy you decided to come. Stanley wasn’t sure . . .”
He appeared behind Tracey and moved to kiss Mora. It was the first time I’d
seen him dressed – patent leather loafers, loud green slacks, loose patterned shirt
open four buttons. He looked better in a towel.
When he kissed Mora’s neck, he looked up at me from under her ear, blowing
her hair away, his stiff palms moving down her back to cup the soft weight of
her ass.
“My queen for the evening,” he smiled.
Tracey frowned at this and took my hand from her breast, leading me into the
apartment.
She showed me where I could hang our coats, playing the hostess. “I bet he
says that to all the girls,” I said.
She smiled brightly and excused herself. There were more people at the door,

She smiled brightly and excused herself. There were more people at the door,
and Stanley and Mora were holding up traffic. “I don’t know where we’re going
to put them all. If people don’t start moving into the bedrooms, this is going to
turn into a cocktail party – you know what I mean?”
People were sitting on couches and chairs and on the carpeted floor, passing
around joints and talking about lawn care, good gas mileage, swingers’ clubs –
and relationships.
Relationships. It might have been a party of middle-aged people anywhere in
America – except they weren’t talking about business because, for swingers, it’s
not status that’s important – what you do – but what you look like, and what
turns you on. They were talking about the arrangements men and women make
in order to balance desire with duty. The structures of love. Marital balance
sheets.
I listened because it was an opportunity to hear how serious swingers – the
people who pursued this life week after week, year after year – dealt with the
problems Mora and I had encountered since we stepped outside the closed circle
of marriage.
As a group, they were no more nor less attractive than the crowd you’d find
on a Saturday night in a disco in Fort Lee, New Jersey. No matter what shape
their bodies were in, they dressed in tight, light clothing; they wore gold chains
and digital watches, and the men tended to show more chest than their women
showed cleavage. They smoked a lot of cigarettes but they didn’t drink much.
At first, their faces were hard to distinguish, because the only light in the large
living room came from recessed spots set behind greenery that grew on one wall,
over a bubbling fountain constructed of plaster made to look like stone. Another
wall was decorated with paintings of bull fights and crossed swords on wooden
plaques, but the opposite two walls were glass, to take advantage of a
magnificent view of the Manhattan skyline at night. I was sitting on the floor, in
a line with the Empire State Building, and when I stood up I could see the
twinkling lights of the city reflected in the inky blackness of the Hudson. Some
people were looking through a telescope set on a tripod in the corner of the
room.
You could tell the party hadn’t really gotten underway by the lack of people in
the bedrooms. We strolled in and out of four of them, and saw a few people
having serious conversations or simply petting, before I noticed a brunette lying
on a bed masturbating. Her skirt was thrown up around her waist and her ankles
were locked together. She had both hands between her legs, her back was
arched, and the sweat poured from her forehead. Her eyes were shut tight.
A man wearing a white turtleneck and blue blazer – a man in his mid-fifties
with a gray toothbrush mustache – was kneeling on the bed next to her, with the

with a gray toothbrush mustache – was kneeling on the bed next to her, with the
intent expression of a man helping his wife give birth by breathing with her. He
didn’t notice us.
Both their faces were bright red and she was babbling when he put his hand
on her thigh.
Her eyes snapped open and she brought her hands up to hold out to him. He
clasped them and kissed her fingers, one by one.
“Can I get you a drink, darling?” he asked solicitously. He had an English
accent.
“You’re not getting me drunk tonight.”
“No, of course not. That’s not my intention. But I do want you to have a good
time. I want you to mix with people and be gay.”
He treated her like she might explode, like someone who’s just been released
from a mental hospital. I was fascinated. She jerked her skirt down when she
noticed us standing there in the darkness.
“I wasn’t putting on a show,” she growled.
“Didn’t mean to intrude, but it was getting crowded in the living room,” I
explained hastily.
“Oh, hello,” the Englishman said, stepping around the bed and holding out his
hand. “Peter’s my name. This is Johanna.”
He and Mora smiled at each other.
Johanna looked coldly at me. “You’re a voyeur,” she accused.
“Look, if you wanted to play with yourself in private, you could have stayed
home and drawn the blinds.”
I was glad she hadn’t; she was ravishing, with long dark hair loose about her
shoulders and breasts heaving beneath her sweater. She had delicate nostrils and
a thin, painted mouth and her eyes burned with frustration.
“Wait a minute, darling,” Peter said. “No reason to get upset. We’ll go get
some drinks and give you a chance to get yourself together.” He pushed us out
and closed the door.
“The first attractive woman besides you I’ve seen, and she’s crazy,” I
whispered to Mora.
“She’s off, tonight,” Peter said. “But Johanna is as changeable as New
England weather. You just have to be patient. When she’s good she’s very, very
good, but when she’s bad . . .” He sighed, and shook his head. Then he looked at
me and brightened. “But maybe your meeting was fortuitous. I’ve known her to
start out an evening hating someone, and then surprise me. She likes the
unexpected move.”
“It must be exhausting to deal with her,” Mora said.
“I know she’s much too young for me. She’s on her own trip, as you say here.

“I know she’s much too young for me. She’s on her own trip, as you say here.
She says I can accompany her on it, if I want to, but I’m not allowed to
complain.”
We refilled our glasses and he went back to collect Johanna. While we’d been
gone, the crowd in the living room had thinned out.
Then I heard a familiar voice. Stanley led Vy and Charles into the room,
feathers of snow in their hair. They looked glamorous and happy and the talk in
the room stopped for a minute to register their presence. Stanley made an
attempt to introduce them, but Vy stopped him.
“Surely I haven’t been gone that long, Stanley – that people have forgotten.
This is like a family reunion. Hello, Peter. Is that Johanna in the corner, over
there?”
“Hello, Vy,” I said.
“I was hoping you’d be here. Baby, it’s so good to see you! Did you know
they’d be here, Charles?”
Our reunion was a four-way hug in the middle of the living room; for the
moment we were a closed circle, oblivious of everyone around us.
“I hear you liked Plato’s,” Charles said. He smirked.
“You know we did,” Mora told him.
Vy examined us both with a look of mock severity. “So while the cat’s away,
the mice played? You let the Devil tempt you – you couldn’t wait for me?”
She exchanged greetings with the other people in the room – apparently she
knew them all – and sat down on the rug to pull off her tight velvet trousers.
Like a restless hen on a nest, she squirmed provocatively until her long white
legs were bare. The dark blonde tuft of hair at the bottom of her belly gleamed
like wheat. She reached for her big leather bag and pulled out a long madras skirt
to wrap around her waist.
“No more underwear, thank God. For some reason, Maurice insisted on
lingerie in London. He said that his friends would be shocked if I didn’t have
any, but I think he had a kinkier motive.”
She hadn’t lost her ability to grab the center of attention. Every eye in the
room watched her get into her skirt. What was it that made me think she was
changed – or had my perception of her altered? The circles under her eyes were
darker, she’d braided her hair, her fingernails were bitten – but it wasn’t the
details that made me see her fresh; it was an aura, as if she’d learned something
about herself in England and the knowledge was spreading in circles from the
center of her being.
Peter handed her a drink, and Stanley asked her about England. She was
gracious, a queen with her court. Maybe that was what I noticed about her: a
new authority that enabled her to hold the floor with ease.

new authority that enabled her to hold the floor with ease.
“I met more submissives in England than I could shake a stick at,” she
chuckled drily. “And more lords this-and-that with beautiful soft eyes and
eccentric tastes . . . They all have old names and large country places with
butlers, and their great soft eyes get wickedly moist when you flick a riding crop.
Leather is very popular, very chic with Maurice’s friends.” S&M was
unexplored territory for us.
Mora and I looked quizzically at each other. We had only the vaguest notion
of what she meant, but I could see that everyone else knew what Vy was talking
about and that she was a star.
Charles walked into the kitchen to get himself a drink – I think he was
probably feeling neglected – and I followed him, hoping that he could enlighten
me.
“What is a ‘submissive’?” I asked.
“Stop putting me on, Richard. You’re being ingenuous.”
I held up my hands. “I ask in all innocence. I really don’t know what she’s
talking about. She’s changed – hasn’t she?”
He stared at me, his lower lip dropped in thought. “You really have some
catching up to do . . .”
Peter had been pouring himself a straight vodka without ice at the counter
next to where we were standing. He broke in. “Excuse me, I couldn’t help
overhearing what you said, Richard. About Vy, I mean. I’ve been a fan of hers
since we met – I’d call it an encounter, because it was very dramatic, but she
may have forgotten – at a party at the UN Plaza last winter. Do you remember
how grand she was, Charles? Some of us were in awe.”
“Tell him what a submissive is, Peter.”
“I’d rather talk about Vy. She’s much more fun to talk about than my Johanna.
Vy is a queen, but Johanna has become a pumpkin. Vy understands what a
terrible responsibility she has. There isn’t enough of her to go around.”
“You lost me,” I admitted. “I thought I knew something about Vy, but I guess
I don’t.”
“There’s a lot people don’t know about Vy. She shows everyone a slightly
different angle – it’s definitely one of her charms.”
Having said this, he drifted off in search of Johanna.
“I’m still in the dark,” I said to Charles.
“The English don’t know how to get to the point. Vy says sex with them is
like a Japanese Tea Ceremony.”
“I have the feeling that I’m going to have to ask Vy to explain – you’re being
just as vague as Peter.”
“And you’re being dense. One trip to Plato’s and you end up in the inner

“And you’re being dense. One trip to Plato’s and you end up in the inner
circle of the sex world on the East Coast, and yet you won’t see what’s right in
front of your eyes. Vy is a dominatrix – that’s why Maurice took her to England.
Do you know what she carries in that big leather bag? Whips. Leather cuffs.
Nipple clamps. Dildoes. Rush . . .”
I shook my head. “You could have told me.”
“For Christ’s sake, Richard. You fell in love with her, didn’t you?”
The living room was almost empty. I wandered down the hall toward the
bedrooms, wondering what scenes I’d find Mora and Vy and Charles in the
middle of, hoping that Tracey would be sitting somewhere by herself.
The first bedroom I walked into was occupied by people I didn’t know. I
stood and watched them for a while, feeling curiously lust-less. Mora was in the
next room, on a couch with Charles and Stanley and Tracey. It was a four-way
connection: Stanley knelt behind Mora, who had Charles in her mouth while
Tracey knelt above Charles’s lips. Stanley wore a bottle of Rush on a chain
around his neck and I watched him lean over Mora’s back to hold the bottle to
her nostrils before bringing it back to his own nose. They looked like a team of
acrobats, totally absorbed in a difficult maneuver they hadn’t rehearsed for.
In the third bedroom, Vy was sitting in an easy chair, next to a queen-sized
bed two couples were romping about on. Peter was kneeling before her,
caressing and kissing her feet. She was idly untwisting her braids, looking bored.
“I’m glad you’re back,” I said, touching her hair.
“I thought about you over there, Richard. Maybe more than I thought about
Charles – isn’t that strange?”
“Charles just told me how naive I am.”
“Naive?”
“About you. And what you carry in your bag.”
She blushed. “I hope he told you good things.”
“You’re a star.”
“I do what turns me on when I’m in the mood. Are you shocked?”
“Why should I be? It was just something I didn’t know about. Now I know.”
“Does it make any difference?”
“I don’t think so.”
She reached for my hand and pressed it to her cheek and we remained like that
for a while, staring and not saying anything.
Peter stood up, realizing that he’d lost Vy’s attention. “Have you seen
Johanna, old man?”
“She’s in the living room.”
“Oh, God. I’d better go rescue her. She’ll be getting drunk, and then she’s
impossible to deal with.”

impossible to deal with.”
“Poor Peter. He can’t handle that woman at any time. He’s an old teddy bear.”
“I want to make love to you.”
“I would like that very much.”
She stood up and I pulled her into my arms, pressing her long body into mine
so that I could feel her knees and pelvic bones and breasts. She shuddered, and I
felt it go down her body.
“If Charles and Mora saw us right now, I don’t think they’d understand,” she
whispered in my ear.
I knew what she meant – that fucking was all right, but a long embrace was a
sign that something serious was going on.
“Can’t leave you two alone for a minute,” Charles said, from behind us. Mora
was with him and they were both naked. A streak of semen glistened on Mora’s
left thigh and her hair was matted. Her eyes looked like she’d been on a long
trip.
“Enjoying yourself, lover?” Vy asked, stepping away from me.
“It’s like a geriatrics convention here. Mora and I are ready to play, and
everyone is sitting around talking about relationships and the etiquette of a good
swing. Can you imagine?”
I kissed Mora and she snuggled into my chest.
“How are you doing?”
“I’m throbbing from my toes up. I could go on all night, but Charles is right –
there’s nobody left to party with.”
“We could always go to Plato’s.”
Charles and Vy didn’t like the idea. I wasn’t crazy about it, myself, but I
wanted more time with Vy. I knew that Charles was getting restless and, if he
went home, Vy would go with him.
“If you feel like being adventuresome,” Vy suggested, “there’s a new place
called Night Moves we could try. Maurice told me about it.”
“I’m game,” Charles said, “as long as it’s not the same old faces.”
“It’s on-premise, like Plato’s. Very hip, Maurice said.”
“How do we get there?” Mora asked. “It’s too late for a bus.”
“We’ll grab a cab, or maybe we can find a ride,” Vy said.
“Let’s do it,” I agreed.
“Who has a car?”
“I have an idea,” Vy volunteered. “I’ll talk to Peter.”
We all groaned in unison. Not Peter.
“Have faith, children. Don’t forget that I carry special powers in my bag. Let
me deal with this.”
Charles and Mora dressed while Vy went off to talk with Peter. Ten minutes

Charles and Mora dressed while Vy went off to talk with Peter. Ten minutes
later, she came to get the three of us and she had her coat on. Obviously she had
conquered.
“Johanna is going to drive us in Peter’s Cadillac. He’ll get a ride with
someone.”
“How did you manage that?”
“He wants a private session with me. And Johanna wants to party. She’s
weird, and she’s getting drunk, but I approve of her nuttiness.”
“Just a bunch of old farts,” Johanna said when we left, jingling the keys of the
Cadillac in her hand. When Peter had tried to kiss her goodbye she’d turned her
head so that he was presented with her ear.
Mora and I sat in the front seat with her. We had to hang on to each other
when she took the corners, but she was a good driver. She steered the big beast
with one hand, swinging wide around taxis and surprised pedestrians. She glided
over the dark slick streets, wet with the melting snow, like a skate on ice.

SEVEN
Night Moves was discreetly planted in the middle of a block of factory buildings
and warehouses. Noisy with hand carts, trucks and honking traffic during the
day, at midnight it was a closed drawer. The only signs of life on the empty
street were the colored lights of the firehouse across from the club. I could see
firemen inside polishing a giant red engine.
The light snow had stopped and a thin layer of white slush covered the
sidewalks. Vy strode regally in front, head back, heels tapping impatiently.
“Pinch me,” Mora said when we stopped at the glass front of the club to wait
for Johanna to park her car. The sign said NIGHT MOVES, but otherwise it looked
like the wholesale soda and beer distributor next door, blank and black and
anonymous.
I knew what Mora meant, so I kissed her instead.
“Yes, it’s true. We’re doing this again.”
“Just like we know what the hell we’re doing.”
“Well, at least we all share the same fantasy. We have that in common.” I was
excited but apprehensive.
The five of us were a crowd in the pocket-sized reception area. There was a
cigarette machine, a pay phone, a few hand-lettered posters too small to read in
the dark (one announced a wet T-shirt contest), and – standing behind a counter
next to the curtained entrance – a thin young black man with tack-sharp smartass
eyes. He recognized Vy and made a small fuss over her while he checked our

eyes. He recognized Vy and made a small fuss over her while he checked our
coats.
“And I thought this was going to be a slow night,” he drawled, looking Mora
and Johanna over.
Just as Charles and I were digging in our wallets for the twenty-dollar
membership fee a sign on the counter asked for, a man who was obviously in
charge stepped from behind the curtain and waved us in. Vy introduced him as
Bob, the manager. He wore a thick mustache and a three piece suit.
“I’m president of this lady’s fan club,” he told us proudly, taking her hand and
pressing it to his heart.
Inside, we stood around chatting for a while, blinking in the darkness. Clever
track lighting and plenty of candles illuminated an intimate stage set. To our
right, a gleaming oak bar was tended by female bartenders in T-shirts and satin
shorts. Across from it and on a higher level was a carpeted lounge that led to a
small mirrored disco floor. A young, lively-looking crowd filled the moulded
plastic booths.
I saw two Lacoste shirts, I swear it. The men who wore them had long blowdried blond hair and they glowed with sun and good health. Tourists. Sitting
with them were two of the most luscious-looking college girls I’d ever had the
pleasure of ogling from afar.
I nudged Charles, to point them out, but he was focused on Johanna. He
couldn’t take his eyes off the way she wiggled her behind on the bar stool,
alternately flirting and scowling and sipping scotch. Vy and Mora stood on the
other side of her at the end of the bar, foreheads pressed together as they
compared notes on the people they saw.
“She’s a heartbreaker,” he sighed.
“She’s drunk, too. But look over there – it’s the flesh God promised us. In our
adolescent fantasies.”
He studied them skeptically.
“I grant you that they are flowers of young American womanhood, but they’re
also tourists. They’ll sit and watch and look decorative and, after they’ve gotten
excited, they’ll go home with the guys they came with. Mark my words – they
won’t even leave a trail of smoke behind them.”
“I’m going to talk to them a little later.”
“God bless. They’ll write in their diaries about you.”
We were in the way of incoming traffic. A dozen attractive couples passed the
bar, conscious of being on display. There was a lot of eye contact and body
movement, but I didn’t see anybody as good-looking as the college girls. I
sipped my drink and thought about them, trying out and discarding various
introductory lines in my mind, telling myself to be bold, that I had nothing to

introductory lines in my mind, telling myself to be bold, that I had nothing to
lose and everything to gain by approaching one of them.
A man who was probably telling himself the same thing walked up to Vy and
Mora and got brushed off, but he didn’t even pause to acknowledge defeat
before moving on to Johanna, who practically jumped into his arms. As he led
her off towards the back room, she turned and winked at Charles.
“Perfidious bitch,” Charles muttered after her.
“Let’s go talk to Mora and Vy. We’ll all go into the back room.”
But they wanted to dance.
We moved onto the dance floor, and let a Rod Stewart song lead us around the
polyurethaned oak floorboards beneath the silk parachute canopy. The floor-toceiling mirrors multiplied our images as we shook our bodies and whirled about.
Dancing loosened me up. When the music stopped, I sat on a carpeted step,
aware that the college girls were right above me. I wasn’t surprised when Mora
danced Charles off the floor and through the curtains into the back room.
Vy joined me on the step, sitting with her elbows on her knees.
“I’m tired. Maybe it’s just jet-lag, but I can’t boogie the way I used to.”
“Dancing is a warm-up exercise for the real thing.”
I put my arm around her shoulders and she looked down at my hand for a long
moment before covering my fingers with hers.
“And how do you like Night Moves?”
“It’s not a circus, like Plato’s. It’s just the right size.”
“This is the first time I’ve dared to bring Charles here. He’s been funny since I
got back, anyway.”
“Funny?”
“Different. He didn’t want me to go to England – almost as if he’s jealous and
can’t talk about it. I think he wants to punish me, but he doesn’t know how to go
about it.”
I thought about her relationship with Maurice, her reputation as a dominatrix,
and said something I immediately regretted.
“You could teach him about punishment, couldn’t you?”
She was stung. “Don’t be a son-of-a-bitch, Richard.”
“I can’t help thinking about that bag of yours. And Maurice.”
She pushed my arm from her shoulder and stood up. Her eyes were cold. “I
thought . . . Well, never mind what I thought. I don’t have to explain myself to
anyone. Not even you, Richard.”
Before I could say anything – and if I could have grabbed my words from her
ears and crushed them underfoot, I would have – she squared her shoulders and
strode across the dance floor, straight into the back room.
I sighed and stood up, just as one of the college girls passed me, trailed by the

I sighed and stood up, just as one of the college girls passed me, trailed by the
blandly smiling Lacoste shirts. The three of them started to jiggle and strut and I
decided, what the hell, and approached the remaining college girl. I bent over to
whisper in her pink, shell-like ear, blowing aside wisps of soft gold hair.
“I like the way you look. You are so special, it takes my breath away. I would
love to . . .”
I have to give her credit for a classy brush-off. Without looking up, she shook
her head slightly and said, “It’s not me you’re looking for.”
I was surprised – and relieved – to find Charles back at the bar. His expression
was cloudy. Disappointed.
“I didn’t expect to find you here,” I said, ordering another glass of wine.
“I’m surprised myself. Mora’s hard to hold on to.”
“So what happened?” As if I couldn’t guess.
“The manager, Bob. He saw her and came over to collect on the entrance fee.
She went off without a whimper.”
“She’s a woman with a strong sense of duty.” We drank to her.
“I ran into Johanna – actually it was more of a tripping motion – and stopped
to say hello.”
“Had she changed her mind about you?”
“She hissed at me like a wet cat.”
“Maybe she’s serious.”
“You know I’m persistent, Richard. I can’t help myself for trying, but I go
ahead and try. Know what I said to her? ‘You look best on your knees, giving
head.’ ”
“The direct approach. I see.”
He looked around. “I don’t see the college girls.”
“It wasn’t me they were looking for,” I admitted.
“Lord, what makes women so contrary? So . . . ungrateful for our efforts, so
closed of heart.”
We might have sung the Chasing Male Blues right there, in the middle of a
sexual game park, but Mora interrupted in time to remind us of our
opportunities. She slid in between us.
“Why are you sitting out here?”
“Just taking a break, you know.”
“Well, there are a lot of women in the back.”
“What’s Vy up to?” Charles asked. “It must be like old Home Week.”
“Last time I saw her, she was talking to Johanna.”
Charles did a quick double-take at the news. I watched his mind turning over
the possibilities, like a hungry raccoon turning stones over in a creekbed. When
his curiosity was tickled, he rumpled his hair from back to front, raising a crest

his curiosity was tickled, he rumpled his hair from back to front, raising a crest
above his forehead. His eyes turned heavenward for a sign.
“I wonder what that’s all about . . .”
“Well, let’s go find out,” Mora said, taking our arms as if we were brothers
out courting the same young maid, and pointing us to the back room.
Stepping into the back room at Night Moves was like walking into the Arabian
Nights. The plush sprawling orgy room seemed fur-lined. We walked across
mattresses and around huge pillows on which people lay in every position
making love, inhaling the mixed odors of warm flesh, marijuana and tobacco
smoke, amyl nitrate and perspiration, perfume and incense. Above the low,
throbbing music rose the sounds of orgasm and of bodies moving together in the
dark; the whispered, urgent imprecations of those close to the edge, and the
quick, breath-snatching sobs of those who’d gone over it.
I remembered what Mora had said about a secret society of people who liked
to make love as much as she did, and I wasn’t surprised when a black hand
reached out to circle her ankle. The kid with the smartass eyes who worked the
door showed white teeth. Mora smiled, shrugged helplessly at us – noblesse
oblige – and allowed herself to be pulled down into the darkness next to him.
We found Vy at the center of a circle of naked onlookers. She was kneeling
beside Johanna, who lay on her side, also naked, her wrists tied behind her with
a black silk scarf. There were beads of perspiration on her upper lip and between
her heaving breasts, and her pupils were dilated.
“I’m not going to . . .” she sputtered, but Vy put her hand over her mouth, and
she stopped.
“There you are, dear. And Richard, too. Johanna has been asking for you. I
warned her that you might be busy.”
Johanna shot Charles the fierce look of a victim who is determined that the
sacrifice will be conducted according to her own fantasies.
“What made her change her mind?”
“She didn’t. You were always the object of her fancy.”
“Of her hostility, you mean.”
“The more of that, the better.”
I saw then that he recognized what Johanna wanted, what Vy meant, and the
wicked anticipation in his eyes made me feel sick with fear and disgust for a
minute. I didn’t understand; why wasn’t making love enough?
Did the people watching understand? – or were they, too, just curious about a
need greater than theirs?
“You don’t like that, do you?” Vy asked me when we moved to a space of our
own, between two massive pillows.

own, between two massive pillows.
“I don’t understand it. Why isn’t fucking enough?”
I waited for an answer, but she was suddenly impatient with my earnest
innocence. I saw pity and scorn mix in her eyes, and – just as suddenly as she’d
entered it – she left my life. I was stunned. I expected the floor to open and
swallow me. I knew her well enough to know it was a definitive exit.
Looking around at the moving shadows, I wondered wearily why I was there
among them. I was overcome by a feeling of lostness. Vacancy. Sitting there in
the middle of the orgy, I argued with myself: marriage and freedom. Life
sexualized. The sweet power of lust. The evils of jealousy.
Let it be over, I thought. I just wanted to escape, to take Mora home and lock
the door. I needed her – and she was my wife. My wife.
I found her with her legs over the black guy’s shoulders, split open for him as
he drove deep into her, spanking her ass with each powerful thrust. I knelt beside
them and whispered in her ear, “It’s time to go home.”

EIGHT
I hit her, and she sneezed, but I hit her again, and her head bounced against the
metal cyclone fence. It was just before dawn on Ninth Avenue. Bleak, so bleak.
There was an excavation behind the fence and I wondered if I had the insane
strength to pick her up and throw her into it – and if there was enough loose dirt
to bury her with. I hated her with the white-hot intensity of a jealousy freed at
last from civilized constraints.
“You mother-fucker-bastard-son-of-a-bitch!” she screamed, wailing like an
outraged child, rubbing her knuckles over her bruised cheek.
“You had to fuck so much, you couldn’t come with me even at five in the
morning?” I shouted, hitting her again.
“Just because you couldn’t get laid in a whorehouse doesn’t mean I have to
stop!”
She grabbed my jaw in her strong small hands and twisted my head toward
her. “Look at me, Richard! Just look at me! My nose is bleeding and there’s snot
. . .”
I pulled out my handkerchief to give to her – like a good husband – and she
knocked it to the ground.
“Did you have to yell that I was crazy to the whole club, just because I wanted
you to come home with me?” I was so hurt that I thought I would vomit right
there at her feet. Self-disgust choked me.
“Fuck you! You bastard, to hit me, fuck you and your feelings! I don’t care

how you feel any more!”
She came at me with her fists and feet, pummeling me in the belly and on the
chest, kicking my shins.
“All I wanted was for you to come home with me,” I pleaded, holding up both
hands to protect myself.
“I was coming, God damn it!”
My eyes filled with hot tears. “But what about us? You love me and I love
you, and that should mean something.”
“This is my life, and this is how I want to live it, Richard.”
The morning sun struck her wet face. I couldn’t hit her, and I couldn’t hold
her. She wasn’t mine.
“Come home?”
“I can’t stop now. I can’t.”

HOTEL ROOM FUCK

Maxim Jakubowski

How they first met is unimportant.
Or, at any rate, another story altogether.
A different one.
Here, they both arrive at Kennedy Airport on different flights from Europe,
barely one hour and two terminals apart. Initially the flight she had suggested
taking was bound for Newark and cheaper, but he had been unable to coordinate
his own travel arrangements to match hers.
After retrieving his case from the luggage delivery area and verifying her
flight details, he kills time wandering through the busy, rundown hallways and
alleyways of the building cluttered with passengers in various forms of transit.
Idly wondering what she might actually look like. Checks out the stroke
magazines in the news concession. There’s a new one he’s never come across
before, called Barely Legal. He nervously glances aside as he leafs through it.
Time passes slowly. A double cheeseburger and fries and a large coke take up
another ten minutes.
He finally makes his way toward the terminal where the Sabena flights
disembark, dragging his own case behind him on its dodgy wheels. A screen
announces the arrival of her plane. She must now be queuing at passport control.
He finds a seat to the right of the luggage pick-up area, from which vantage
point he will see all the passengers come out of the corridor from immigration.
He holds his breath one moment. Suddenly, the whole thing doesn’t sound so
wise after all. What if, what if?
The Brussels flight crowd stream through the corridor. So many of them: the
plane must have been quite full. They all saunter down the short flight of stairs
towards the luggage carousels.
She is among the last to emerge. A dozen times already he has convinced
himself she wasn’t on the plane. Had been playing a game with him all the time.
Had missed the flight by barely a minute or so back in Europe. Had been
discovered by her masters and held back in captivity. Had come to her senses
and realized this whole New York thing was quite pointless after all.
Finally, a slip of a girl with luminous features makes her way past the security
guard posted at the top of the short flight of stairs and tiptoes her way down,
concertina’d almost by two burly six-footed businessmen in charcoal-coloured

concertina’d almost by two burly six-footed businessmen in charcoal-coloured
suits and matching attache-cases. Her dark blue skirt is short, swirls around her
knees. Her T-shirt is white, its thin material clinging to her skin. Even from
where he sits, he can see the outline of her nipples through it, or is it the rings?
Jesus, she is so young!
But he knew that already, didn’t he?
As she reaches the bottom of the stairs and her involuntary escorts scatter into
different directions, she looks around the luggage enclosure, seeking him.
Her eyes alight on him. The sketch of a smile spreads across her lips.
He stands up. Smiles back at her.
His heart skips a beat or two or three.
She stands there motionless, as the arriving crowds mill all around her, a
statue of perfection at the centre of the hurly-burly of the airport.
She slips her rucksack from her shoulders. He moves toward her, feeling all
around him freeze, like a slow motion scene in a movie with the soft rock
soundtrack missing and replaced by a cacophony of disruptive languages in a
cocktail of voices.
Inches apart.
The heat from her body reaches toward him, a hint of spearmint on her breath.
“Hello, Thalie.”
“Bonjour.”
She leans over, kisses him on the right cheek.
He briefly imagines she’s telling herself he’s so much older than she thought,
fatter, less than handsome.
“For a moment, I thought you weren’t coming,” he says as, behind her, the
luggage begins to accumulate on the conveyor belt.
“I said I would come,” she answers. “Why should I not?”
“I’m just rather insecure,” he says.
“I’m a lot of things,” she smiles. “But not that.”
“So, no regrets?” he asks her.
“Not yet,” she tells him. “You asked me to come. Here I am.”
“Good,” is all he can summon as an answer. Then, “What does your case look
like? We’ll look out for it.”
“I haven’t one,” she says, pointing at the rucksack at her feet. “This is all I’ve
brought. Some changes of underwear. For my first time in New York, I thought
it would be nice to buy some new clothes while I’m here.”
He smiles. “We can buy them together. That would be nice.”
“Sure.”
“They must have been surprised when you checked in back in Brussels, no?
Travelling so light?”

Travelling so light?”
“I just said I was a student.”
“I see,” he says.
She bends to retrieve her rucksack. “Shall we?” she asks.
“Yes.” He picks up his case. “Let’s go and find a cab.”
The driver must be from Haiti, he reckons. His radio is tuned to a station full
of static, reggae and rap and French patois.
She sits close to him on the back seat. He tries to recognise the perfume she is
wearing.
JFK Boulevard. Van Wyck Expressway. Jamaica. Queens. Past La Guardia
and the mortal remains of some long past exhibition by a dirty lake. The car is
held up for fifteen minutes on the approach to the Midtown Tunnel. The driver
puts a hand through the partition requesting toll money. He still has a pocketful
of coins from his last trip to America.
In the darkness of the tunnel, she places her hand on his. Since meeting up at
the airport, they have barely spoken. Mostly about the weather: here; back in
London; back in Belgium. How their respective flights had gone. Had she
managed to sleep, and how he had spent the time reading. The in-flight movies
and meals.
Small talk at its most banal.
They finally drive out of the tunnel into the canyons of Manhattan and he
breathes a sigh of relief. In the hotel room, he knows, he will be more eloquent,
less shy and tongue-tied.
The traffic in the cross streets slows them down further as they navigate the
traffic lights up to midtown.
They finally reach the hotel he has booked them into. Not the usual one where
most staff in reception know him already, but one close by. He pays the cab
driver. A porter rushes forward to assist with the luggage. There is only his case,
propped in the cab boot against a worn spare tyre. She carries her rucksack by its
strap, and straightens her blue skirt as she steps out of the yellow vehicle.
He catches the porter’s glance. Feels suddenly like a guilty, dirty old man,
with this young girl at his side. Twenty-five years’ age difference. I am a cliché,
he thinks. Damn it, he’s not going to feel guilt now, is he?
At reception they make a big fuss of him. Ten years since he has stayed here
last, according to the computer.
The elevator. The long corridor festooned by Andy Warhol prints. He inserts
the electronic card key into the slot, the door flashes green and opens.
“Welcome to New York, Thalie,” he says as a wave of infinite tenderness
washes over his heart.

washes over his heart.
There is little for him to unpack as she uses the bathroom to freshen up from the
journey. He listens to the water splash behind the door as he hangs his shirts and
jackets in the cupboard. It’s only mid-afternoon.
She emerges. Smiling sweetly. Now she looks even younger. Wonderfully
slim, her loose dark hair falling over her shoulders, reaching midway down her
back. Her waist looks as if he could hold it within his two outstretched hands.
Her breasts jut against the thin material of her white cotton T-shirt, and his eyes
can’t avert the hypnotic shapes that strain the alignment of the whiteness. He
guesses at the strap of a bra over her shoulders, but the cups must be soft and
barely disguise the ever-aroused state of their contents.
“Are you hungry?” he asks her.
“Not really,” she answers. “I snacked on the plane. But it wasn’t very nice, I
must say.”
“It never is,” he remarks. “Because of the time difference with Europe, I
always find it better to have a meal when I get here, as late as possible. Puts
one’s body clock on New York time. Otherwise, we’ll end up waking in the
middle of the night and we’ll feel even more tired.”
“If you wish,” Thalie says. “Is it what they call jet-lag?”
He nods. Gazes at her.
Her eyes are pale brown, a delicate colour variation he would give heaven and
hell to be able to define. The knot in his stomach grows ever more painful with
every passing minute. Eventually, he knows, he will have to get to grips fully
with this crazy situation he has somehow engineered.
“Shall we go out? Maybe down to the Village. Have a walk. I’ll show you
around. Maybe see some shops for you. Have a bite to eat.”
“Whatever.”
It’s spring. The sun is out. Everything feels unreal.
They walk. It feels like miles, but neither of them are tired. They browse. He
can’t help visiting a few bookstores. She gets a top at Urban Outfitters, but will
not let him pay. He introduces her to the dark chocolate with dark chocolate
Häagen-Dazs bar which is not available in Europe. They have an early dinner,
around seven, in a Ukrainian restaurant on 2nd Avenue, near the corner of St
Mark’s Place. Night falls. They are about to catch a cab back to their hotel when
a pea-coloured chenille sweater catches her attention in the dimly-lit window of
a thrift store. This time, he insists on paying. As they exit the shop, she pulls her
purchase out of its paper bag and slips it on.
“It’s suddenly grown colder, hasn’t it?” she remarks.
“Yes,” he agrees.

“Yes,” he agrees.
There is sea of yellow cabs cruising down the Avenue, all with their lights on.
He extends his arm to hail one. The driver is from Lithuania, and insists on
practising his English on them when he discovers that his passenger hails from
England. He has relatives in Swindon, and is surprised to learn his passenger has
never come across them.
There is a new porter on duty at the hotel door. To avoid judgment on their
apparent age difference or the risk of being told he cannot bring young ladies
into the hotel – a thought that has dominated his mind throughout the cab ride up
from the East Village – he exaggeratedly holds his card key aloft as they walk
into the hotel. Possibly guessing his embarrassment, Thalie holds his hand in
hers, whether to compound his self-consciousness or reassure him, he is unsure.
Green light.
The door opens.
The room is not overly large. The sparse furniture purports to be antique, a
Picasso face is spread across the left wall, the narrow double bed – by no stretch
of the imagination anywhere near king-size – dominates the landscape that is
going to be theirs for the next four days. Heavy brocade curtains are drawn. It’s
a quiet room; he is not sure whether the window gives on to 44th Street or not.
She drops her rucksack to the floor, kicks off her flat shoes and approaches
the bed. Tests its firmness with her hand and then sits on its edge as he watches
her. She pulls the new sweater over her head. Looks him in the eyes.
He remains silent.
Attempting to put off the inevitable, maybe?
“So,” he finally ventures, “am I what you expected?”
The wrong age, the wrong middle-age spread, the wrong short-sighted eyes,
the wrong kind of clothes, the wrong size cock, the wrong man?
“I don’t know,” she replies. “You tell me.” Then, as an afterthought, “But I do
like your voice.”
“Is it the voice of a master, or the voice of a slave?” he asks her.
“Do you really want me to answer that question now?” Thalie says.
“You’re right. I don’t. Maybe you can tell me at the end of the week.”
“Exactly. I’ve agreed to come here with you, but I can only be myself, you
know that already . . .”
“Yes,” he quickly interrupts her. “And, as we talked before, back then, I
respect your nature. I shall not attempt to change it. You are what you are: I
accept that fully.”
“Good. I’m not seeking to be rescued . . .”
“I understand.”
“I am yours for this week we shall spend together in this room. Totally. Do to

“I am yours for this week we shall spend together in this room. Totally. Do to
me what you will. Use me. Beat me. Humiliate me. My only pleasure is in
giving myself. For you, I will be no different than I have been for others, with
others. My holes are yours. All I am is a body, with holes made to be filled, used
. . .”
Hearing her say it like this hurts even more than when she had initially written
it.
But he tries to show no sign of the torment spiralling across his heart.
“I understand,” he repeats.
As she rises to her feet, she utters the last words he would hear from her until
the following morning, “I know there will be tenderness, but please, oh please,
do not fall in love with me.” Thereafter, there were sounds. In abundance. But no
more words. Only moans, sighs, cries, the whole orchestral palette of sex.
She approaches him. Closer than they have ever been.
Her lips move toward his.
They kiss.
She tastes of Ukrainian tea.
He takes her into his arms. Holds her tight as their kiss continues. Tongue.
Teeth. Breath held back. His hands now linger all over her, feeling her softness,
exploring her warmth, he feels her eager responsiveness as tremors of lust race
through his body. He takes a step back, interrupting their feverish embrace.
Recalls all she has revealed of her subservient nature.
“Undress,” he orders her.
Her eyes look up towards the light fixture.
“One item at a time,” he continues. “I want to examine your body.”
She lowers her eyes and proceeds to pull the white T-shirt off, twisting its
folds over her head, mussing her long brown hair which falls back down on her
shoulders. Her skin is porcelain white. His heart tightens as sudden memories of
another woman with the same pale skin flood back through his mind. Small
flowery patterns crisscross the flimsy flesh-coloured bra she is wearing. It has no
under-wiring. Her small, pert breasts visibly don’t require any. Her hands move
to her back and she unhooks the bra and her chest is fully revealed. There is a
dark mole an inch or so below her left nipple. Discreet dots of pigmentation are
scattered across the approach to her modest cleavage, too pale even to merit the
epithet of freckles.
The golden rings hang from her nipples, catching a fleeting reflection of the
light from the hotel room’s ceiling fixture and its three low-wattage bulbs. They
are thin, half the diameter of a wedding ring. She watches his eyes alight on
them. She straightens her back, offering her ringed breasts to him. He extends a
hand, touches the metal adornments. They feel light. Carefully he twists one of

hand, touches the metal adornments. They feel light. Carefully he twists one of
the rings and observes the way the darker, puckered flesh of her nipple follows
the movement of the ring between his fingers. Her gaze is unflinching. He twists
further, and with a finger of his other hand begins to manipulate the other ring in
similar fashion. He watches as the pierced nipples harden and lengthen
imperceptibly as he continues to manipulate the gold rings and her nipples. He
pulls on one of them and he sees her flinch. But she says nothing.
Finally, he lets go and allows his now free hands to roam over her shoulders,
caress her back. He plunges his fingers into her loose hair, pulls her head back
and kisses her again, his tongue delving as deep as he can manage toward her
throat. He can feel the rhythmic beat of her heart.
Her sharp nails begin to scratch his own back.
He keeps his eyes open as he kisses her. Notices the faint pale pink scar on her
upper lip. Almost shaped like the letter B. Remembers its origin: Anne-Louise
B. and the male friend also called B. were drunk and had heated up a paper clip
in the flame of a lighter until it glowed red and tried to brand her with their joint
initial.
He pushes Thalie gently away.
“Suck me,” he tells her.
Naked to the waist, like a fragile doll in her blue, now billowing skirt, she
lowers herself to her knees, face in alignment with his crotch and unclips his
belt, unbuttons the top of his trousers and pulls them down to his knees. He is
already partly hard and his cock is straining against his dark grey boxer shorts,
an obscene bump of maleness.
She inserts a finger under the elastic and releases the cock.
He realises momentarily that he probably smells down there: the eight hours’
flight and sweat, the long afternoon walk, the sweat, the heat. He should have
washed first.
Her mouth approaches. Her tongue licks his shaft, slowly, tantalizingly; a
hand cups his heavy, dark balls and her lips close in on the glans as she takes
him into her mouth. The heat is wonderful. She allows him all the way in, his tip
bumping against the back of her throat. She doesn’t gag as she impales her
mouth over him. No woman has taken him in so far without choking. She has, he
knows, been mercilessly trained by previous users under dire threat of
punishment or violence. His cock grows inside her mouth.
Her tongue surrounds his hardness, dancing lightly around his captured stem,
teasing, licking, caressing. Her lips hold him in a soft but firm vice, slip sliding
over his engorged flesh, welcoming his invasion, wordlessly inviting him to
thrust ever deeper into her.
His eyes wander across the horizon of the room. The Picasso head is watching
them as the young girl studiously keeps on sucking his middle-aged cock.

them as the young girl studiously keeps on sucking his middle-aged cock.
At this rate, he knows, he won’t last much longer. He does not wish to come
so soon, inside her mouth. He retreats, withdraws from her mouth. She looks up
at him, puzzled, thinking maybe she hasn’t performed well enough and is due for
punishment.
He attempts a smile of kindness to reassure her.
“Undress,” he asks her. “Take the rest off now.”
She obeys.
Stands up and unzips the blue skirt. It slips to the hotel room carpet. The
shape of her body is the nearest he has come to witnessing perfection, outside of
no doubt doctored photographs in magazines. At the age of twenty, neither
gravity nor the ravages of time have yet taken hold and begun their seditious
work.
Her knickers are modest, thick white cotton, practical, sexless.
She bends over slightly to pull them down.
He knows what to expect. From what she had written.
He also knows it’s the first thing that initially attracted him to her, and
convinced him he had to see her one day. A prurient curiosity that betrays the
filth in him.
The bunched-up piece of white underwear now lies in a small heap on the
carpet. She straightens up. His eyes move up her smooth legs. Slowly. Almost
hesitantly.
It’s as he knew it would be.
His turn to move to his knees and approach his face to her genital area.
Quite hairless, both above and around her cunt. Like the crotch of a doll or a
pre-pubescent girl.
Not a wisp of hair, not even a darker shadow of hairs past. The same milky
white shade that characterizes her whole body.
And the rings.
Gold.
Each one a thin band, like a cheap wedding ring.
Eight of them.
Four hanging from each labia, in perfect alignment, pulling both outer lips out
of the central gash, the darker, redder skin like meaty folds on a butcher’s stall,
raw, almost bloody, as if the necessary piercings had only been done recently.
He gasps.
Incongruously wonders whether there is enough metal here to set off airport
alarms.
Each set of labial rings is held together by a thin contraption of stainless steel,
like a nurse’s large safety pin with three branches. The middle one is threaded

like a nurse’s large safety pin with three branches. The middle one is threaded
through all the rings while the two outer ones squeeze the pin tight and the
whole is kept closed by a minuscule padlock.
He approaches his fingers, gingerly touches the chastity device protecting her
entrance; his hand feels the intense heat emanating from the invisible depths of
her cunt.
The rings effectively seal her tight. There is not even space to insert a finger.
As she had warned him. Even during her period, she is unable to use a tampon
and has to rely on sanitary towels.
“It’s awesome,” he whispers in the now hushed silence of the room. “It’s . . .
beautiful.” And barbaric, he thinks, but he is so turned on.
He can’t take his eyes off her locked cunt.
She remains quite silent.
Observing him.
Judging him?
This older man, with his thinning hair, his cock jutting out as if on military
parade, his love handles, the sombre bags under his eyes, his trousers bunched
around his ankles.
He finally takes off the rest of his clothes and asks Thalie to lay down on the
bed, on her back and indicates she should open her legs wide.
He kneels, forces the angle between her thighs even wider and examines her
like a doctor, mentally storing every detail of her adornments, her mutilation, as
he gazes across the brazen display of the wonder of her jewelled portals.
He moves his face against her cunt, feels her inner warmth vibrate toward his
cheeks, tries to slip his tongue between the minute gaps between the rings, but
there is no access. She is utterly sealed.
Thalie extends a hand, musses his hair, sensing his obvious frustration.
He is on his knees at the foot of the bed, his head at the apex of her thighs,
inhaling deeply, trying to seize the ineffable smell of her.
The sheer hardness of his cock weighs against his stomach.
He thinks of investing her mouth again, but Thalie shifts on her side and
repositions herself on all fours on the bed, her rump raised toward him. A
perfect, pale sphere, punctured by the darker heart of her anus; both her hands
move back to either side and stretch her globes apart, inviting him. He wets his
cock and thrusts himself into her arse in one swift movement. His head
punctures the tight sphincter and his whole cock is quickly embedded inside her.
She shifts to accommodate him better.
He digs inside her and for the next ten minutes, an eternity, he fucks her arse,
watching the skin around her aperture distend with every in-and-out movement
of his thick cock. He moans. She moans. He sweats. The perspiration drops from

of his thick cock. He moans. She moans. He sweats. The perspiration drops from
his forehead to his chin and then onto her back, where it pools slowly, a small
transparent pond of humidity vibrating intensely to the accompaniment of every
tremor that crosses her body as he tries to force himself ever deeper into her
bowels. His lips are dry. She bites hers, out of pleasure or pain. His heart beats a
light fantastic. Picasso is on the wall. The clandestine sounds of the hotel bathe
them in ominous silence. Their fuck is an island of motion cut off from the rest
of the world. He holds back as long as he can manage. Below the dark piston of
his cock and its mechanical assault of her innards, the rings shine, wetness from
above and inside her bathing them in an unmistakable sheen of lust. His frenzied
eyes mirror his soul, flitting from arsehole to ring-bedecked cunt and his
hardness just refuses to fade away.
Her sounds of sex are silent. Gentle cries, repressed gasps, deep breaths. She
adjusts the position of her body to accommodate his movements, to accept him
even deeper, her sphincter muscles tightening rhythmically around him before
releasing his penis again, then tightening again, capturing every renewed attack.
His tip is deep inside her bowels. Where it burns. And feels good.
Finally, he can hold out no longer. Thalie’s whole body is just made for sex, a
finely-honed machine for the benefit of his pleasure. He comes. He roars. Her
name. A profanity. Feels his come burst out of him and bathe her insides, like a
river of sin, a torrent out of control. He rests his hands on the bed, bent over her,
the beat of his breath returning to normality. Silence continues. She says nothing
either. At last, he feels his hardness begin to recede and pulls back, withdrawing
his still pulsating cock from her. It emerges, bathed in come and inner juices.
Her hole is shockingly dilated, red raw at the edges, like a small dark bottomless
crevice. Never has he witnessed a sight so pornographic and, at the same time,
so shockingly beautiful. The temporary scar his raging cock has left on her.
But he also knows she did not come.
They lay down together, moist body against pale body.
“Tired?” he asks her.
He pulls the covers over their bare bodies.
She nods, her eyes half-closed.
“It’s the jet-lag catching up,” he says. It’s only ten at night in Manhattan.
He wakes at two in the morning, still nine p.m. European time, with a hard on,
his mind and body in tumult. She is on her side, her back to him. He pulls her
sleeping body toward him and the contact of her flesh only accentuates his
desire. He pushes a finger into her arsehole. She is still dripping, leaking his
earlier come. He slips his cock into her and begins fucking her again. It takes
him ages to orgasm as he rages against her with every movement, angrily
seeking release. At one stage, he surprises himself and finds his hands beginning

seeking release. At one stage, he surprises himself and finds his hands beginning
to tighten around her thin neck as his thrusts take a vengeful rhythm. He quickly
releases the pressure of his fingers there. He doesn’t know whether she is awake
or still sleeping. But her whole body accepts him.
He awakes again; there is a thin sliver of light peering through the heavy
curtains. Early morning. This time Thalie is no longer sleeping, busy sucking on
his cock with greedy appetite. Her eyes stay closed, he sees, as she does this.
When he is fully erect, she squats above him, stretches her rump cheeks open
and plants herself on his cock, once again taking him deep into her arse. When
he finally comes, the feeling is so strong, he thinks he is going to pass out.
“So, do I please you?” she asks, her first words since the previous evening.
“Yes, Thalie, you do,” he answers.
Q&A
“How did you first meet Anne-Louise?”
“She was my gymnastics professor.”
“How old were you?”
“Sixteen.”
“Tell me about it, her and you? How it happened?”
“I was born in a well-off, heavily Catholic family. We weren’t rich, but life
was easy and I was spoilt as a child. I have a sister, but she is sixteen years
older than me. I’ve always believed she was very unhappy about my arrival at
such a late stage.”
“Is she aware of what you have become?”
“Yes.”
“And she did nothing about it? You must hate her.”
“No, I don’t. I love her, feel very close to her.”
“She knows Anne-Louise?”
“Yes.”
“You met through her?”
“Not quite. I was a good pupil at school, but I excelled in sports. I
particularly enjoyed gymnastics; I was told I had talent. For my sixteenth
birthday, I asked for private lessons in one of the city’s better clubs. My parents
agreed to it, and I was signed in for lessons two evenings a week and following
school on Wednesday afternoons. Anne-Louise was my professor. She was
already a friend of the family, and I remembered her often mocking me when I
was younger, because of my lack of feminine opulence. ‘The Plank’ when I was
thirteen, later ‘No Bum’ when I reached fourteen. My body developed late.”
“She seduced you?”

“Not quite. She was very pleasant to me during the course of the early
lessons. She recognized my innate talent and the suppleness of my body.
Initially, I attended the lessons wearing shorts and a T-shirt, but soon she asked
me to wear a dancer’s leotard so that she might be able to supervise and see
how all my muscles worked. She taught me a lot, often correcting my stance or
the use of the wrong muscles with a small wooden cane.”
“She beat you?”
“Lesson after lesson, her instructions became more and more difficult to
follow and she would strike me harder. Surprisingly, I began to look forward to
her striking me, even though it was sometimes painful. To this day, I still hanker
to submit to her; she was so beautiful. So tall and blonde. And her severity
struck an unusually responsive chord inside me as I took instruction. I think I
had basically been submissive in spirit ever since my early childhood.”
“How come?”
“Even as a child, I recall never wishing to be a Princess when we played
games with my sisters or friends. I preferred to imagine myself as a servant.”
“How did the relationship progress to you becoming, so to speak, her slave?”
“Soon, she began to realize, I think, that I was sometimes making deliberate
mistakes and she began striking me for no reason at all, and noted that I did not
object. One day, for the first time, she struck me badly with her long, thin cane
before our lesson even began. Told me it was to encourage me. She had guessed
my masochist nature. That day, following the lesson, I deliberately followed her
into the shower and confessed how attractive I found her and that I was in love
with her. She surprised me by replying that she had lusted after me ever since I
had been younger, and her earlier taunts had just been indications of her
disguised desire for me. We kissed.”
“And?”
“She warned me of her dominant character and that, in any form of
relationship, I would have to submit to her will. I readily agreed. She made love
with me there and then under the shower. It was heavenly. She knew every spot
to touch, as if by magic.”
“Had you been with boys before?”
“Somehow, I had never been attracted to men much. I’d kissed one or two
boys, even allowed one to fondle my breasts under my shirt, but I hadn’t
ventured further.”
“You were still only sixteen?”
“Yes. From the next day onward, I began following Anne-Louise’s
instructions. I wanted only to please her. She said I should no longer wear jeans,
dress like a tomboy. I must always wear dresses or skirts, no pantyhose, only

stockings. Every day after school, I would go to her house on the other side of
town and wait for her to return from her lessons or the stadium where she
worked on a part-time basis. She would often leave instructions for me on small
pieces of paper on the kitchen table. I had to follow these most precisely. One
day, she left an apron for me to wear, alongside the note. I was to become her
servant.”
“What was the sex like?”
“In bed, she was brutal and authoritarian. She enjoyed ordering me around,
loved to humiliate me, sometimes inflicted much pain. But I enjoyed it more than
I had enjoyed anything in my life before.”
“I don’t want to sound like a dime-store psychiatrist, but had you previously
felt unloved, unwanted at home?”
“Not at all. It’s just the way I am. I don’t think anything will ever change my
nature.”
“How did things develop, then, with Anne-Louise?”
“After three months of living like this, rushing to her place every day straight
from school, all feverish, anxious for more of her harsh love and punishment,
desperately trying to get away from home over the week-ends to spend more time
with her, I decided to leave school and put myself completely at Anne-Louise’s
service.”
“What did your parents have to say about it?”
“There was nothing they could say. I was a lesbian and a masochist; they
disinherited me. To this day, they only refer to me as ‘the young whore’.”
“So, you began living with Anne-Louise?”
“I was her maid during the day and her toy at night. She became even harder
on me now, would not accept a word of disobedience, insisted on the highest
standards only of housework, cleaning and cooking. Whenever I failed, or forgot
an instruction, the beating was most severe. The worse it became, the happier I
was.”
“Tell me how?”
“For Valentine’s day, she bought a whip and a pair of handcuffs for me. The
whip was to be used on me, of course. Thereafter, most days she handcuffed me
before leaving for her work. Thus constricted, she said I would have more time
to think of her all day. Naturally, my work around the house suffered badly.
Which gave her even more opportunities to use the whip on me. But sex with her
after every whipping was better than ever. I could wish for no other fate. Very
soon, she began to use the whip on my body for no other reason than arousing
me further sexually. Now she no longer even needed a reason to beat me, mark
me.”

“And you enjoyed this?”
“I was deliriously happy. This was what I was born to be. Later, she would
take me to Brussels on special shopping trips to a store in a large Galerie that
specialised in fetish and S&M apparel. She bought increasingly sophisticated
devices and clothing for me. She would make me wear elaborate black leather
outfits that made me look like a whore at a sadomasochists’ convention. She had
me play with toys in front of the assistants in the store as she exercised her
power. Would have me gagged, plugged, displayed. Force me to wear
underwear she had deliberately dirtied before. Back at her home, I had to serve
her completely, in every detail. It soon became my task to lick her clean after she
had been to the toilet. She loved me and I loved her. I thought this bliss would
last forever.”
Mid-morning in the Manhattan hotel room. He calls out for bagels from Mom’s
Bagels, two streets away. For him, a garlic bialy with Nova Scotia lox and cream
cheese and a plain bagel with cream cheese and jelly for her.
They devour the food in bed, close to each other. He feels comfortable with
her, their bare bodies touch as they shift, neither draws back from the contact.
He loves the fact that, like him, she is a creature of silences, doesn’t find it
necessary to make small talk and fill every precious moment of silence with
needless words. A thin dollop of red jelly drops onto her left breast. He bends
over and licks her clean, his furtive tongue nibbling on her ring, stretching the
tender skin beneath. A warm feeling suffuses his lower stomach. Blood is
already coursing back towards his tired cock.
Aware he is probably in no condition to perform again yet, he draws back and
takes the kiss to her lips.
She smiles.
They have opened the curtains. Sunlight floods the room, the bed, their
uncovered bodies.
He tells her about the last time he had stayed here. For two nights in a row, a
couple in the room next door had practised particularly noisy sex, the sounds of
which could just not be avoided through the thin hotel wall, keeping him awake
and arousing his own lust. The woman had proven especially vocal, every thrust
inside her provoking further moans, gasps or profane vocabulary in her lexicon
of pleasure. The man, on the other hand, appeared to copulate in silence, leaving
all aural accompaniment up to his partner: but must have had incredible staying
power, as the sounds of their frantic lovemaking reverberated through to his
room for almost two hours. On and on the sounds of nearby sex continued and
he had begun to wonder what this shrill, enthusiastic woman might actually look
like. The following night, the carnival occurred again in the adjoining room. On

like. The following night, the carnival occurred again in the adjoining room. On
the third day, as he was leaving his room for his morning appointments, he
finally caught a glimpse of a woman closing the door to the next room. To his
disappointment and amazement – by now, he had visions in his mind of Greek
goddesses or hardcore stars of the pornographic screen – she was a stocky,
matronly Chinese woman with an old-fashioned fur coat draped across her
shoulders, wearing sensible shoes and with a chignon in her hair. Anything but
his dreams.
Thalie laughs at his story.
“Well, I don’t think we bothered the neighbours much,” she remarks. “We’re
both wordless fornicators, I noticed.”
He smiles back at her, preferring not to tell her his other story of a hotel room
fuck. In Paris, window opening onto a sea of Latin Quarter roofs. Where the
sounds of the adjoining room had in fact been more muted but still caught his
attention. Aroused, he had taken a glass from the bathroom and stuck it against
the separating wall, cupped his ear against it and listened to the couple frolicking
a few inches away and masturbated to the sound of their fucking.
Finally, they get up.
In the light of day, he finds her more beautiful than ever. And younger. Less
than half his age.
“Who gets to use the bathroom first?” he asks her.
“You go,” she answers. “I feel wonderfully lazy this morning.”
He shaves. Christ, does he look tired! The new razor blade revives his skin.
He washes the foam away and cleans his teeth. He tests the heat of the water
bursting from out of the shower head, finds the right balance of hot and cold and
steps into the shower area. He is soaping his cock, washing away their combined
juices, when he hears her knock on the bathroom door.
“Yes?”
“Can I come in?” she asks him.
“Of course,” he replies. There is no need for false modesty now.
She tiptoes in, walks across the damp tiles and sits herself on the toilet bowl.
Facing him, legs wide apart and proceeds to pee as he stands under the pouring
water just a few feet away. He notices the eight rings hanging loosely from her
labia as the thick stream of urine jets out of her and realises the safety pin and
the padlock are no longer in place. His first glance at the pinkness inside her cunt
as her leaves separate, gape, to make way for the release of her warm stream.
She looks up towards him, with a wry smile on her lips.
His eyes interrogate her silently.
“You never asked,” she says, as the last drops of pee keep on dribbling out of
her. “A real master always does: he orders.”

her. “A real master always does: he orders.”
“I didn’t realize . . .” he mumbles.
“I was allowed to bring the padlock key with me,” she confirms.
“I see,” is all he can feebly say. Feeling as if he has failed the first test.
“Can I join you under the shower?” Thalie asks.
“Of course,” he says.
Her body shines under the pounding water. They embrace. Kiss. Separate.
Their hair soaking wet now. United by the cleansing spurts of hot water. They
soap each other with all the delicacy they can each muster. Kiss again. They both
step out of the shower. He turns to switch the water off and, when he turns again
to face her, she delicately takes his cock in her wet fingers.
“There was still some soap,” she says.
She squeezes it. Hard.
He takes her hand away.
“Stay like that,” he says.
She remains immobile, water still dripping down the expanse of her body. He
takes hold of a towel and dries her, enveloping her body in its softness. He glides
his finger through her hair.
“Oh, Thalie,” he says.
“Yes” she asks.
“I want to make love to you properly now,” he answers.
He bends and picks her up in his arms. She is so light, he notices; and they
make their way from steamy bathroom to the bed in the hotel room now blinded
with light.
He pulls a curtain half-closed. There is still enough light for him to see all of
her.
He installs her on the bed. She remains inert. Her opening gapes, as if alive,
breathing like an invitation to pleasure. He delicately spread-eagles her limbs in
a semblance of crucifixion across the crumpled sheets and buries his face in her
cunt. He opens her up at long last and spies the infinite shades of nacreous pearl
of her inner walls. Parting her, rings to each side he plunges his tongue inside
her and a tremor flashes through her whole body. She still tastes of soap but her
juices are soon abundantly flowing, pungent, aromatic, overflowing, bathing his
chin as he labours away now, playing with her engorged clit. He has reached his
destination, her portals of paradise. The velvet pearl pulses strongly against the
tip of his tongue. Thalie moans. Widens the angle between her legs further in
acceptance of his adoration. His face retreats. He looks up at her. Her face and
the whole area leading to her breasts are flushed a deep hue of pink. Her eyes are
closed.
He inserts a finger, then two, inside her cunt. She is like a furnace inside. He

He inserts a finger, then two, inside her cunt. She is like a furnace inside. He
moves his other free hand towards her rear and sticks a finger inside her
arsehole, where she is still gooey from their earlier exertions. Thalie gasps as
both her holes are invaded.
Through the incandescent body heat, he feels the pulse of her heart beat
against his probing fingers. He bends. Withdraws the digits and takes her now
protuberant clit between his teeth and nibbles away at it. He feels her close to
coming, for the first time since they have been together. His mouth takes leave
of her copiously flowing juices and he climbs over her and inserts his cock
inside her.
A wordless sound passes her lips.
Tenderness sweeps across his heart as he begins moving inside her. The fit is
exquisite. The gold rings on either side of her cunt lips slide effortlessly against
his shaft, enhancing the sensations without overpowering them. As he thrusts in
and out of her, the thought occurs to him that if he were her master, he would
have her pierced yet again, a ring or a stud in her clitoris, just to enhance the
friction against his glans as it labours and retreats against her opening time and
again. Yes, a nice thought. And a big if.
He closes his eyes in turn and surrenders to their first moment of love.
Q&A
“How did things begin to change in your relationship?
“She liked to show me off to others. Demonstrate the extent of her power over
me.”
“Men? Women?”
“She would invite friends to our home and play at humiliating me in front of
them.”
“How?”
“By having me wear the outfits she had bought for me. Playing games she
knew I was bound to lose, and then punishing me for my missteps. I would have
to strip in front of her guests and have my rear caned or whipped. If there were
other women, she would make me lick her sex in their presence: sometimes had
me lie on the floor while they peed over me. I would have to serve food naked but
for a dog collar and was forbidden to react while they pinched me, touched my
intimate parts, sometimes tried to trip me to cause further punishment.”
“But were there men?”
“Initially, only one. A close friend of hers. His name was B. He’s a lawyer
from the city.”
“Was he her lover?”

“No. Anne-Louise hates men, sexually. But she was close to B. She liked
exposing me to him, making me bend over so that he could peer inside me, even
touch, which she knew I hated. The more ill at ease I was in these situations, the
more it excited her and the crueller she became with him as witness to my
degradation.”
“What sort of things would she do for him?”
“She liked to demonstrate my absolute obedience. One day, I was made to lie
on my back on the floor as she inserted a series of ever-larger objects inside my
vagina, which I had to hold wide open for them. First a dildo, then a bottle, then
a cucumber. All the time, I could see the bump inside his trousers swell as she
teased him that wouldn’t he like it to be him in that nice virgin cunt.”
“You were still a virgin?”
“Technically, yes. I hadn’t yet been penetrated by a man. By Anne-Louise and
objects only.”
“How did it happen, the first time?”
“With B. One morning, Anne-Louise summoned me and instructed me that I
should take a taxi to his apartment and do every single thing he would ask me to
do. When I protested, she whipped me badly. Said I did not understand what true
love was. I argued that I did. But she owed B. some debt, and he wanted me and
that was that. Anyway, she told me, it would be good for my training, I had to be
broken in. I went to him. Hated every moment. Later, there were other men she
loaned me to.”
“Did she ever want to watch you being fucked by them?”
“No. If she was there, she would move to another room.”
“But did she ever ask you about what happened with the men?”
“Curiously, no. Although I was avid to tell her all, to demonstrate the extent
of my affection for her by describing the pain they had inflicted on me, how they
had used me, violated all my holes, made me choke on their filthy penises and
forced me to swallow their ejaculate, played with me, beat me too. I wanted to
tell her, ‘Anne-Louise, I have accepted all this for the sake of you.’ But she never
asked. And if there were marks, cuts, bruises on my body, she would whip me in
response, as if it were all my fault.”
“Sounds very much like one-way traffic to me.”
“She said that the coming of my seventeenth birthday would mark a
significant point in our relationship. That I had satisfied her so far and she
would show me her gratitude on this occasion.”
“What did she do?”
“We drove to Brussels on a Saturday morning. I thought she would be getting
me new outfits at the shop in the Galerie, but this was not the case. It was a

large building in the suburbs, a doctor she knew well. I would come across him
again at the special parties. He used electrolysis to depilate my pubic area. I’m
told it will never grow back again. Then, he pierced my breasts and fitted the
rings I still have now. I was in heaven. I was Anne-Louise’s slave, in both body
and spirit.”
“What are those special parties you mentioned?”
“They occurred later. I will tell you.”
“OK.”
Their second full day in Manhattan. The spring weather is clement. They walk.
Catch cabs. Shop. Snack. Battery Park. The Cloisters. Central Park, watching the
squirrels hop along the scarce vegetation.
They talk.
“Are you happy?” he asks her. “It’s such fun showing you this city, all these
places I have known and liked for years. I try and imagine what it feels for you
to see them for the first time.”
“It’s nice,” she answers. “But you’re too soft with me. I don’t deserve this,
you know. If I were in your place, I would be crueller, much harder. Somehow I
think you’re too sensitive. Almost like a girl . . .”
His face clouds over. “If you were in charge and I was a girl, would you fuck
me?” he quietly inquires.
“I would,” Thalie says. “I would stretch you, hurt you until you plead for
mercy, but I wouldn’t give you any. I have been taught well. Switching is no
problem.”
“I see.”
“Would you prove your devotion to me by letting me treat you like that?”
Thalie asks him as they cross toward the Plaza Hotel.
He doesn’t hesitate. “I would,” he replies.
“OK,” she says.
They catch a cab which takes them to a dark side street near the Port
Authority Terminal. In a sex shop manned by Pakistani assistants, they buy a
strap-on dildo. Flesh-coloured, veined, awesomely realistic and life-size. And
handcuffs. So that he doesn’t change his mind, she says.
He is in no hurry to return to their hotel room.
He reminds her she wanted to go to Macy’s.
She wanders indifferently through the designer label departments.
“I want to buy you something nice,” he insists.
“Why?” she queries. “How do you want me to dress? Like a whore or a
princess?”
“As a young woman.”

“As a young woman.”
She agrees to stockings, a silk cream-coloured see-through blouse and a
flowing skirt in rainbow colours.
They arrive back at the hotel mid-afternoon. The room has been made, and the
smells of sex have faded.
“Undress,” she orders him, herself stripping from the waist downwards and
fitting the strap-on belt around her waist. He notices she has reattached the safety
pin and the padlock.
He silently sheds his clothes, takes a step towards the bathroom, planning to
wash the sweat away from his body.
“Don’t,” she forbids him. “I want you dirty. I want to smell your vileness as I
fuck you.”
He knows he shouldn’t protest; his face reddens as his arse crack feels all
clammy, and his feet sticky.
“On your knees. NOW!”
He gets down on all fours.
“Raise your head.”
He does. His eyes are parallel with her labial rings. He notices she is seeping
there. She is excited. She thrusts the artificial cock toward his mouth.
“Suck me,” she intimates.
The rubbery material fills his mouth; the taste is unpleasant. She only lets him
suck the dildo for a minute or two then withdraws it and places herself behind
him. All she wanted was for him to wet it.
She places the strap-on head against the outer ring of his sphincter and begins
pushing it in.
It enters him with surprising ease. Initially, there is little pain and he is almost
disappointed.
The feeling doesn’t last and soon he is biting his lips to repress heartfelt
sounds of anguish as Thalie goes to war on him, viciously twisting the
implement of torture within his gut as she endlessly adjusts her stance to
increase its depth, the angle of attack and the unremitting pressure on his
protesting bowels. He knows she is enjoying this. But he reasons, beyond the
valley of pain, that she deserves at least this; that this is his own particular way
of experiencing some of the humiliation that has been lavished on her by so
many others. He communes with her as she keeps on fucking his arse, until the
skin inside and outside is raw from the friction. His heart beats wildly; bile pools
at the back of his throat; he has difficulty breathing. There is no longer any
pleasure in the act for him.
Then, as suddenly as she entered him, she pulls it out in one swift movement
and he momentarily feels as if his whole insides are being suctioned out.

and he momentarily feels as if his whole insides are being suctioned out.
He collapses, stomach first, onto the hotel room floor.
“There,” she says. “I think you would make a better slave than a master. Very
docile. You take your suffering in silence; that’s a good sign,” she remarks.
For a moment, a germ of an idea settles in his mind. An image of the two of
them as slaves, collared together, made to perform for the benefit of others.
At last, he rises, as his breath returns. Thalie now sits on the bed, watching
him. The strap is now detached from her; her hands shield her jewelled pubes.
“I hurt you, didn’t I?” she asks, watching him rub his hole with the back of his
hand. There is some blood.
“You did,” he says.
“Then I must be punished,” she says. “That is the way.”
As he washes the traces of the fuck away some minutes later, he realizes she is
now testing him. It’s scary: could he ever become her master? Keep her?
He dresses.
The crease of his boxer shorts rubs painfully against his bruised flesh as he
walks back into the room. Thalie is watching a game show on the TV set.
“I’m taking you out,” he tells her, switching the programme off.
“Where to?”
“Never you mind.”
Somehow, he always knew it would come to this.
She understands.
Asks: “How should I dress?”
“Like a whore. Wear that blouse and no bra, and stockings. And your shortest
skirt. No underwear.”
She nods.
Night falls as their cab rushes down Fifth toward SoHo. He instructs her. At
all times, she will sit with her legs open; there is to be no false modesty. She is
his property for tonight and the following day and he will brook no
disobedience. She will only talk when spoken to.
She indicates her assent to his terms.
“You will take no pleasure from what is done to you, because I won’t, either .
. .”
“A master would take pleasure in displaying me,” she interrupts him.
He slaps her cheek, as punishment for her uncalled verbal response.
“Quiet, now.”
Her cheek reddens from the blow. She lowers her eyes. The driver looks
inquiringly into his rear mirror at the older man and the young woman. Even
though the light outside is dimming, he clearly saw her nipples through the
shimmering blouse as she entered his cab, and he tries to get a better look.

shimmering blouse as she entered his cab, and he tries to get a better look.
A jazz club. Grimy walls, cigarette smoke, dissonant melodies running like
waves across the ceiling over the sparse audience. He has her drink vodka and
orange, although he knows she dislikes the concoction. Men at the bar glance in
their direction. Her skirt is hitched up to mid-thigh. He fingers her under the
table. She squirms.
Her rings are wet with her secretions.
He informs her of the fact. Presents a finger to her.
“Lick me clean.”
She does, just as the waitress approaches their table, inquiring after another
round.
“Touching,” the waitress mumbles, visibly disapproving and mistaking
Thalie’s appetite for a gesture of love.
“Isn’t it?” he responds with a wry smile.
The tension is palpable, as he summons his courage.
She senses it and remains damningly silent and expressionless.
Finally.
“Anything?”
“Yes,” Thalie replies. “Anything: it is my nature to be a slave.”
He rises from his seat as the band on stage finish their set in a flourish of drum
rolls and reverb, takes hold of her hand and they make their way to the toilets.
He briefly holds his breath and then enters the men’s, followed by her. There is a
harsh smell of antiseptic lingering in the air; the ceiling is low, the surroundings
claustrophobic. There is no one there. Just a yellowing row of urinals, a creaking
fan circling like a low-flying aircraft close to the peeling, concrete ceiling, a sink
with a dripping tap, a dirty towel and, behind a wooden door painted jet-black,
the lone toilet seat. He opens the cubicle and orders Thalie to sit. He pulls her
blue skirt up to her waist, unveiling her rings, and opens the buttons of her
blouse so that her breasts are also on display.
“Like that. Yes.”
She doesn’t answer.
“The first man to come in,” he says.
She nods silently.
They wait. Each passing second extends to eternity.
Finally, the door to the men’s toilets swings open and a tall black guy walks
in, hands already unzipping his flies. He heads towards the urinal, his back to
Thalie in the cubicle.
“Hi.” He recognizes the guy, who played bass in the gang, a lanky man in
denim.
“Hi, man. How ya doin’?”

“Hi, man. How ya doin’?”
“Listen. I have something for you . . .”
The musician starts peeing. “Nah, man, I have my own supplier. Thanks
anyway.”
“It’s not drugs.”
The black guy shrugs. “Yeah? What then?”
“I have a woman here. She’ll suck you dry for free. Interested?”
The man looks over his shoulder at him, weighing the seriousness of the offer.
Notices the open cubicle and Thalie sitting there, splayed open, all her gold rings
on display.
He catches his breath. “What’s in it for you?” he asks, turning round and
zipping his jeans up. His eyes are now fixed on the obscene spectacle of the
young woman, her white flesh like a beacon in the sordid surroundings. “Wow,”
he whispers to himself.
“I watch. That’s all.”
“You serious?”
“Absolutely.”
“I’d always heard you limeys got your kicks in weird fashion,” he says, a grin
spreading over his dark features.
He approaches the cubicle and its immobile prisoner. He unzips and pulls out
his cock. It’s long, thick, uncut. Offers it to her, hesitantly as if all this is about to
disappear in a puff of smoke and is but a crazy mirage, a drug-fuelled dream.
Thalie bends her face forward to take the cock.
“Sweet gal,” says the musician as her lips first graze his stem, before she takes
him all in. “Will she swallow?” he asks.
“Yes,” he answers.
And watches the spectacle.
Black against white.
Black inside white.
To the bitter end.
After it is over, he allows her to adjust her apparel and cups his hands together
to allow her to drink the tap water and wash her mouth.
Relief floods over him that no other man entered the bathroom while the three
of them were there. He’s not sure he could have controlled the situation any
further.
Still, she says nothing.
They finish their drinks and listen to the first quarter of an hour of the band’s
second set. He hails a cab and they return to the hotel.
This is the first night in Manhattan they do not make love.

Q&A
“Did things happen that you particularly disliked?”
“Many. What I still found most difficult was when she invited friends around
to demonstrate her power over me and my subservience, and took great pleasure
humiliating me in their presence. The sex I didn’t mind. But I did feel shame.
More so, when we left the house to go to parties and she had me walk out onto
the street wearing accessories and clothing which were so explicit as to provide
little doubt as to my status as her personal slave. A dog collar, a skimpy maid’s
outfit, sometimes even a thin metal chain that connected to the handcuffs she
made me wear for the short walk to the car park.”
“You were afraid that people might recognize you?”
“Not really. I did not like the fact that my slavery might be recognized by
others.”
“I’m not sure I understand. You are proud of what you are.”
“I know. The worst time was when she invited my sister along for tea to the
house, one evening. I hadn’t seen her for nearly a year. I had to wear the maid’s
outfit with the apron and serve them in silence. My sister’s smile nauseated me.
When asked if the tea and biscuits I had baked were to her liking, my sister, no
doubt previously prompted by Anne-Louise, expressed reservations and I was
told the only recourse was for me to be flogged in her presence. Which AnneLouise did with unusual ferocity. I was made to bend across a chair a few inches
away from where my sister sat, my dress was pulled up above my waist and my
knickers pulled down to my knees, and I still remember every blow against my
bare skin, even now. When Anne-Louise had completed the punishment, she
actually invited my sister to beat me likewise. Which she agreed to do, the damn
traitor. I couldn’t sit for days after that beating.”
“You were going to tell me about the parties?”
“There were two sorts. Once or twice a month, Anne-Louise would have
friends over: mostly other women, sometimes couples for drinks in the evening. I
would be made to serve. Often I would have to give evidence of my servility and
accept a flogging or the caress of the whip. The guests would seldom become
involved. This was more a demonstration of Anne-Louise’s power over me. At
most, I would have to display my body for their after-drinks recreation, allow
them to touch and twist my breast rings, provide evidence of my absolute docility
and obedience.”
“What sort of people were these friends of Anne-Louise’s?”
“Professional, middle-class, middle-aged. The women were lesbian or
bisexual but she would never loan me to them. Their fun with me was restricted
to the games with me on that particular evening.”

“The other parties?”
“They were more extreme. Infrequent, also. I think I only attended five.
Usually took place on Saturday nights and ran through the night. Never at AnneLouise’s place: usually at plush residences somewhere in Brussels or in nearby
towns. I never knew where exactly we were, as I was blindfolded by Anne-Louise
as we neared the locations.”
“Sounds frightening.”
“It was. Anne-Louise said I now had to prove that I was fully trained as a sub
and these parties would be my final test. I was eager to prove her confidence in
me was well placed and swore I would do everything I was told. It wasn’t easy,
but then I had little choice.”
“What sort of people attended these parties?”
“People like Anne-Louise. Genuine, experienced masters. They were here to
show off their slaves, male as well as female. We all wore collars and were
forbidden to talk to each other as we were cuffed together awaiting our fate for
the evening. Whatever happened to any of us, we were made to watch, and
looking away would result in further punishment.”
“What happened to you?”
“Even now, I can’t talk about many of the things that were done to me, or I
was made to do to others.”
“What can you reveal?”
“Often the masters would play games, make bets on us, pick cards for the
humiliations that would be inflicted on us. A party night would seldom pass by
without my not having been used in all holes by all the masters present, male as
well as female. On my first such party, my anal virginity was auctioned. I was
blindfolded and made to kneel and suck every cock in the room, including the
male slaves who were present. Unbeknown to me, the first one who managed to
make me gag would be designated to be the first to bugger me. I had successfully
sucked three of the men and swallowed them when I felt another place himself
ahead of my mouth and heard sniggers across the room. I knew something was
wrong right there and then. A voice behind me remarked that I might require
some help, and my hair was brutally pulled back and my head pushed forward
onto the expectant cock. He was so heavily hung that the pressure applied to the
back of my head forced me to swallow him and he was shoved all the way into
my throat. I couldn’t breathe. My lips were stretched to their fullest around its
thickness and no air could pass from my lungs to my mouth. I couldn’t help
gagging. It had been a set-up. He was one of the young slaves and his penis had
elephantine proportions. At the next party, I was told he measured twelve inches
or more.”

“Jesus!”
“I had no choice. I was installed at the centre of the room as all watched and
the young boy sodomized me. It hurt badly. I even fainted halfway through and
had to be revived with smelling salts. They had no pity on me. When it was over
and I stumbled back to the far wall, where the other slaves were grouped, I
noticed Anne-Louise had not remained in the room for the ceremony. One of the
other girls – she was a tall, red-haired beauty with ever such pale skin –
whispered to me that she had gone through the same ordeal. They always chose
the pimply young slave boy with the enormous cock for a female slave’s first
experience of sodomy. Something about stretching us for further use. A master
saw her talking to me, chided her and announced this was one transgression too
far. Could she not manage to keep her mouth closed long enough? Next time, she
would be the one to be punished. She went paler than pale and tried to refrain
her tears from flowing. I saw that she was terrorized. In the meantime, the young
boy who had hurt me so much was now still the centre of attraction and being
made to suck his own master to hardness before he was made to kneel on all
fours himself and his master buggered him in turn.”
“How could you accept such things, Thalie?”
“Because Anne-Louise ordered me to and I was in love with her.”
“The things we do for love . . .”
“While you were being used by others at these parties, what did Anne-Louise
do?”
“She liked to whip and torture the other masters’ female slaves. I once had to
watch her fist another girl. She had never, until then, done that to me. The poor
kid screamed but Anne-Louise didn’t stop.”
“You must have been scared by that?”
“Yes, but not so much as the day I had to watch the tall red-haired girl being
punished. She had accumulated too many faults, according to her master, and
had to be made an example of. And all of us other slaves present were warned
that if we even looked away one single second, a similar fate would befall us. It
was awful.”
“What did they do to her?”
“She fought against them but she didn’t stand a chance. It took four masters
to hold her down, while another brought it in . . .”
“What . . . ?”
“They placed her in the right position, kicked her legs apart and it happened.
Even now, I still have nightmares thinking of what I saw. Scratched deep lines of
blood across her back once it was over.”
“God!”

“That very moment, I swore I’d commit suicide if I ever allowed something
like that to happen to me.”
“I can imagine.”
“Later, as the others played with the rest of us slaves, I saw her sobbing
against the wall. They had connected her collar to the dog’s leash and she sat
there motionless while the come still oozed out of her. I never saw her again. She
was never brought to the other parties I attended, even though her erstwhile
master was present. Now, he had another woman.”
“What can I say, Thalie? And you were still only seventeen?”
“After that night, I think Anne-Louise began to sense my unease about the
sexual escalation in the relationship. A couple of days later, she stuck a Polaroid
next to my bedside table. She had taken it when the red-haired girl was being
violated. This was clearly a warning to me not to doubt her resolve and dare any
form of disobedience to her will. But we only attended two more special
Saturday night parties during the course of the following six months and nothing
more untoward than sex and whippings occurred, as if the group knew they had
crossed a dangerous borderline. At the final party Anne-Louise took me to, I
could somehow feel her distancing herself from me already, but I did not wish to
acknowledge that a page was about to be turned. That night, the tall pimply
young slave boy with the uncommon endowment came up for punishment and I
was fitted with a strap-on and made to fuck him. I had never realized before I
could switch from sub to becoming a most ferocious, vengeful dom. I plundered
him with a vengeance. I eventually had to be pulled away, out of him by AnneLouise. She had of course used a strap-on on me, on many occasions, but we had
never switched; she was not into penetration.”
“You said things were changing?”
“For some time, Anne-Louise had hinted that the present she was planning for
my eighteenth birthday would be unforgettable. Two months prior to the event,
she took me again to the doctor in Brussels and my lips were pierced and the
eight rings installed. I was told it would take some weeks to heal. Anne-Louise
seldom used me in the weeks between my labial piercings, and often only
returned home late with no word of explanation.”
“So what did she actually give you for your eighteenth birthday?”
“There was not even a greetings card in the morning. I slaved away in the
kitchen all day and she came home around seven. She asked me to follow her to
the bathroom, ordered me to undress, examined my rings and the now fullyhealed piercings. I was told to close my eyes and felt her fit something across the
rings. It was a special kind of safety pin which fits through both sets of four rings
and closes with a miniature padlock, totally sealing the entrance to my vagina.

There was a kind of beauty to it, this chastity device whose usefulness I couldn’t
quite understand. Later, she explained to me that she had tired of me, wished to
install a new friend in the house. By fitting me with the padlock, she would still
control me from a distance. I was to leave her house the following day! I was
dumbstruck. I cried for hours.”
They spend their final day in Manhattan together, as normal lovers do.
They linger in bed, have breakfast sent up, touch, kiss, caress, talk about the
weather.
He plans their day. They will lunch at a small Japanese sushi bar on the corner
of 13th Street and 6th. She tells him she has never eaten raw fish before.
“You’ll see,” he reassures her. “It’s nice.”
They will catch a movie at the Angelika, trawl Tower Records for the obscure
country and western CDs still missing from his extensive collection, explore the
quaint streets of Alphabet City and end up with a final meal in a Cajun joint
close to the Flatiron Building. Oysters, gumbo and whatever main entrée catches
her fancy.
“Fattening me up, eh?” Thalie remarks.
“Exactly. You’re all bones and rings, my dear . . .”
He’s not sure if she appreciates the joke.
“I’m off to shave.”
“OK.”
When he returns from the bathroom, her face is flushed. Her eyes shift when
he looks at her; she appears guilty.
“What is it?” he asks her.
“I’ve been bad.”
“How?”
“While you were washing, I touched myself.”
“So?”
“You didn’t use me, yesterday night. I needed relief.”
“It’s not a problem, Thalie.”
“It’s wrong for a slave to seek her own pleasure, without the consent of her
master. You must punish me.”
His heart sinks.
So this is the way it is.
He handcuffs her hands to the bed post and arranges her nude body in the
shape of an X across the soft green bed cover. She is not wearing the safety pin.
As he widens the angle between her legs, her cunt gapes.
He hangs the “Don’t Disturb” sign outside the door and leaves her in the
room, captive, laid out like an offering. Although not for the maid!

room, captive, laid out like an offering. Although not for the maid!
He loiters around the reception area until he finds a suitable male. A German
tourist, wealthy-looking but with no taste in clothes. At first, the man does not
take him seriously, but he insists. They share a coffee in the breakfast room. He
explains. They do the deal. He gives the German the card key to their room.
He has no wish to watch.
“You have two hours,” he says. “Be out of the room by then. She is
handcuffed. I have the keys with me. She will not speak, or cry, or scream.”
“And I . . . ?” asks the German, begging for confirmation of his wildest
dreams.
“She is totally yours. Anything you want.”
They are two of the slowest hours of his life. He walks four blocks North, then
five blocks South. Peruses every window without even noting their varied
contents. When he finally returns, Thalie is still handcuffed to the bedpost, the
taste of another man still leaking from her, dotting her stomach, her face, her
breasts.
She smiles at him.
His slave.
That night, he sleeps badly, his mind in tumult.
Sunrise comes early, with a blanket of low clouds waltzing over the top of the
highest skyscrapers.
He tells her about the dream.
In it, he has failed abysmally at becoming a master and the only alternative is
to become a slave himself. To stay with Thalie, he sends a begging letter to
Anne-Louise, offering himself in exchange for further time with her. His pitiful
demeanour makes her laugh but, as a game, she accepts.
Initially, she puts him on a diet, having no need of an overweight slave. Then,
when he becomes suitable, she shaves his pubic hair and brands him, a large B
carved into his buttocks. He is allowed to sleep in the same room as AnneLouise and Thalie, but on the floor, at the foot of their bed, where he is forced to
listen to their lovemaking and Thalie’s severe beatings. He is beaten, too, made
to wear an apron and serve their food; if ever he is caught with an erection, he is
whipped until he bleeds. But he is happy now, just living under the same room
as his companion of slavery. Eventually, he is allowed to attend the special
parties where his role is to suck all the men to hardness before they fuck Thalie,
then to lick them clean after they have withdrawn from her orifices. In turn, she
is to prepare the men who bugger him. He is no longer allowed to touch her,
only to watch the increasing stations of her degradation. But the punishments get
worse and worse, as he finds it impossible to repress his excitement as his cock
invariably reacts shamelessly every time another man penetrates her.

invariably reacts shamelessly every time another man penetrates her.
Finally, the circle of masters decree the ultimate punishment at the next party
he is to be brought to.
Which is when he awoke.
“A companion in slavery,” Thalie remarks. “Yes, I think that would be quite
appropriate for you . . .”
“Would I?”
“But it’s all a dream, you know. Anne-Louise hates men; she would never
want you as her slave. If you had a wife to offer in exchange for time with me,
maybe then she might entertain your proposal. Dream on.”
“I will,” he says.
Q&A
“What did you do when Anne-Louise threw you out?”
“I pleaded, made a fool of myself, threw myself at her feet. Even begged to be
retained, if only as a servant, so that I may look after her and her new, young
mistress.”
“Did you meet her, this new girl?”
“Yes, some months later. Tall, blonde: everything I wasn’t. New. Virgin
territory for Anne-Louise’s cruel whims.”
“But she didn’t allow you to stay on?”
“No. I was desperate. I knew my parents would never have me back. I had
given up my studies without obtaining any diplomas or qualifications. How
could I find a job, somewhere to live? During the two years I had spent with
Anne-Louise, I had deliberately lost the few friends I had before our encounter. I
had nothing. I never even had any more normal clothes to wear. Anne-Louise
had once mentioned, almost as a joke, a couple who had on two occasions
visited her soirées and been witness to my servility and asked where they could
find a similar maid. Maybe I could go and place myself in their service. The idea
didn’t appeal to me. Become a servant to people I had already privately served
as a slave. But I had no other alternative. Anne-Louise phoned them and a deal
was agreed.”
“And that’s where you are now?”
“I’ve now worked here two years almost. They leave for work – they are both
senior managers for a large insurance company in a nearby town – early in the
morning and my duties are to keep the house clean, wash, iron, dust, prepare the
food. I am not allowed any mail or telephone calls. I play on the Internet. Watch
TV. They are hard on me. The woman has custody of the padlock key, but she is
capricious and often declines to set the rings free, particularly when I’m having

my periods. It amuses her. Most of the time, I am just their servant, but
sometimes they remember my nature and my past, usually when they have drunk
heavily. He fucks me while she watches, then has me lick her. Christmas last, I
was seemingly too enthusiastic while he used me extensively and the next day,
out of jealousy, she beat me badly.”
“Do you still hear from Anne-Louise?”
“Not often. She keeps in touch, though.”
“Do you still love her?”
“Yes, as much as ever.”
“Will she ever have you back?”
“I live in that hope, but I realise how unlikely it is. I’m realistic.”
“Are you happy?”
“Yes, in my own way. But living with my owners is boring. The house is in the
middle of nowhere. The only contact I have with other human beings is when
they take me on holiday with them. Spain in the summer; a house in the
mountains in France near Easter. In Spain, I am allowed to wear shorts and
bikinis. The padlock is taken off and I am allowed to be naughty. I fuck boys;
with rubber protection, of course. They don’t mind, as long as I’m not late back
at their villa to cook the meals.”
“Can you see your life remaining the same for years to come, Thalie? A
leading question, I know.”
“I’m only twenty. I am a sub . . . But I do harbour hopes of convincing AnneLouise of giving me to B.”
“But he’s the man who tried to brand you?”
“I know, but I think he would be a good master for me.”
“It’s your life.”
“It is.”
“And I’m no knight in shining armour, Thalie. I have no mission in life to
change your nature. You touch me, though. I feel much tenderness for you.”
“Do you think you could be my new master, then?”
“I’m not sure. Willing to give it my best shot (hear my smile between these
lines) . . .”
“If you were a true dom, you would know already. I don’t think you are,
somehow.”
“I’m sadly aware of the fact. But I still want to see you. Badly. Can you find a
way to get away for a few days? Meet me somewhere? Anywhere? There must be
some pretext you can use, a white lie. That aunt in Paris who’s left you the deeds
of the apartments she owns and rents out, for instance. You could invent a
reason to go there, to sign legal papers . . . Please, Thalie.”

“Maybe. Let me think.”
He packs.
He had asked the day before whether they should purchase a case for the
clothes they had bought together, but she declined. She came with nothing and
insists she should return to her owners similarly. It would be suspicious
otherwise and, unlike Anne-Louise’s, she does not appreciate their beatings. He
realizes he had never even asked her what alibi, what lie she had used to justify
her trip.
He watches as she stuffs the barely-worn chenille jumper, the rainbow skirt,
the cream see-through blouse, the stockings and sundry knick-knacks into the
hotel room’s wicker waste basket. He’s packed the cuffs and the strap-on in his
own case, although he’s thinking of disposing them in a washroom at the airport.
It would be too embarrassing to be searched at customs.
They take the lift in heavy silence. He settles the bill with his credit card and
the doorman hails a cab.
“Newark.”
It’s early morning, ahead of the commuter traffic. The journey barely takes
half an hour. Throughout, he holds her hand in his.
Way down his throat, there are a million words he wishes to say, but they
break up like flotsam against the rampart of his lips. He knows he hasn’t the
eloquence to change her life. Or his.
Her flight is a whole hour earlier than his.
Her thin, fragile silhouette disappears down the neon-lit corridor that leads to
her departure lounge. He has checked: her plane is on time. They haven’t even
said goodbye. Before the bend, she turns, smiles and blows him a kiss.
He knows he will never see her again. The letters will continue for a short
time; then they will slow down and a day will come when she just disappears,
the property of a new master, who will forbid all contact with her former life.
And his mind will imagine the worst. Violation. Torture. Death. Because the life
she has chosen is a one-way street.
And his heart doesn’t own the right passport.

SPANKING THE MAID

Robert Coover

She enters, deliberately, gravely, without affectation, circumspect in her motions
(as she’s been taught), not stamping too loud, nor dragging her legs after her, but
advancing sedately, discreetly, glancing briefly at the empty rumpled bed, the
cast-off nightclothes. She hesitates. No. Again. She enters. Deliberately and
gravely, without affectation, not stamping too loud, nor dragging her legs after
her, not marching as if leading a dance, nor keeping time with her head and
hands, nor staring or turning her head either one way or the other, but advancing
sedately and discreetly through the door, across the polished floor, past the
empty rumpled bed and cast-off nightclothes (not glancing, that’s better), to the
tall curtains along the far wall. As she’s been taught. Now, with a humble yet
authoritative gesture, she draws the curtains open: Ah! the morning sunlight
comes flooding in over the gleaming tiles as though (she thinks) flung from a
bucket. She opens wide the glass doors behind the curtains (there is such a song
of birds all about!) and gazes for a moment into the garden, quite prepared to let
the sweet breath of morning blow in and excite her to the most generous and
efficient accomplishments, but her mind is still locked on that image, at first
pleasing, now troubling, of the light as it spilled into the room: as from a bucket .
. . She sighs. She enters. With a bucket. She sets the bucket down, deliberately,
gravely, and walks (circumspectly) across the room, over the polished tiles, past
the empty rumpled bed (she doesn’t glance at it), to draw open the tall curtains at
the far wall. Buckets of light come flooding in (she is not thinking about this
now) and the room, as she opens the glass doors wide, is sweetened by the fresh
morning air blowing in from the garden. The sun is fully risen and the pink
clouds of dawn are all gone out of the sky (the time lost: this is what she is
thinking about), but the dew is still on every plant in the garden, and everything
looks clean and bright. As will his room when she is done with it.
He awakes from a dream (something about utility, or futility, and a teacher he
once had who, when he whipped his students, called it his “civil service”), still
wrapped in darkness and hugged close to the sweet breast of the night, but with
the new day already hard upon him, just beyond the curtains (he knows, even
without looking), waiting for him out there like a brother: to love him or to kill
him. He pushes the bedcovers back and sits up groggily to meet its challenge (or

him. He pushes the bedcovers back and sits up groggily to meet its challenge (or
promise), pushes his feet into slippers, rubs his face, stretches, wonders what
new blunders the maid (where is she?) will commit today. Well. I should at least
give her a chance, he admonishes himself with a gaping yawn.
Oh, she knows her business well: to scrub and wax the floors, polish the
furniture, make the master’s bed soft and easy, lay up his nightclothes, wash,
starch, and mend the bedlinens as necessary, air the blankets and clean the
bathroom, making certain of ample supplies of fresh towels and washcloths,
soap, toilet paper, razor blades and toothpaste – in short, to see that nothing be
wanting which he desires or requires to be done, being always diligent in
endeavoring to please him, silent when he is angry except to beg his pardon, and
ever faithful, honest, submissive, and of good disposition. The trivial round, the
common task, she knows as she sets about her morning’s duties, will furnish all
she needs to ask, room to deny herself, a road (speaking loosely) to bring her
daily nearer God. But on that road, on the floor of the bathroom, she finds a
damp towel and some pajama bottoms, all puddled together like a cast-off mophead. Mop-head? She turns and gazes in dismay at the empty bucket by the outer
door. Why, she wants to know, tears springing to the corners of her eyes, can’t it
be easier than this? And so she enters, sets her bucket down with a firm
deliberation, leans her mop gravely against the wall. Also a broom, brushes,
some old rags, counting things off on her fingers as she deposits them. The
curtains have been drawn open and the room is already (as though impatiently)
awash with morning sunlight. She crosses the room, past the (no glances) empty
rumpled bed, and opens wide the glass doors leading out into the garden, letting
in the sweet breath of morning, which she hardly notices. She has resolved this
morning – as every morning – to be cheerful and good-natured, such that if any
accident should happen to test that resolution, she should not suffer it to put her
out of temper with everything besides, but such resolutions are more easily
sworn than obeyed. Things are already in such a state! Yet: virtue is made for
difficulties, she reminds herself, and grows stronger and brighter for such trials.
“Oh, teach me, my God and King, in all things thee to see, and what I do in any
thing, to do it as for thee!” she sings out to the garden and to the room, feeling
her heart lift like a sponge in a bucket. “A servant with this clause makes
drudgery divine: who sweeps a room, as for thy laws, makes that and th’action
fine!” And yes, she can still recover the lost time. She has everything now, the
mop and bucket, broom, rags and brushes, her apron pockets are full of polishes,
dustcloths and cleaning powders, the cupboards are well stocked with fresh
linens, all she really needs now is to keep – but ah! is there, she wonders

anxiously, spinning abruptly on her heels as she hears the master relieving
himself noisily in the bathroom, any water in the bucket –?!
He awakes, squints at his watch in the darkness, grunts (she’s late, but just as
well, time for a shower) and, with only a moment’s hesitation, tosses the
blankets back, tearing himself free: I’m so old, he thinks, and still every morning
is a bloody new birth. Somehow it should be easier than this. He sits up painfully
(that divine government!), rubs his face, pushes his feet into slippers, stands,
stretches, then strides to the windows at the far wall and throws open the tall
curtains, letting the sun in. The room seems almost to explode with the blast of
light: he resists, then surrenders to, finally welcomes its amicable violence. He
opens wide the glass doors that lead out into the garden and stands there in the
sunshine, sucking in deeply the fresh morning air and trying to recall the dream
he’s just had. Something about a teacher who had once lectured him on humility.
Severely. Only now, in the dream, he was himself the teacher and the student
was a woman he knew, or thought he knew, and in his lecture “humility” kept
getting mixed up somehow with “humor”, such that, in effect, he was trying, in
all severity, to teach her how to laugh. He’s standing there in the sunlight in his
slippers and pajama bottoms, remembering the curious strained expression on
the woman’s face as she tried – desperately, it seemed – to laugh, and wondering
why this provoked (in the dream) such a fury in him, when the maid comes in.
She gazes impassively a moment (yet humbly, circumspectly) at the gaping fly
of his pajamas, then turns away, sets her bucket down against the wall. Her
apron strings are loose, there’s a hole in one of her black stockings, and she’s
forgotten her mop again. I’d be a happier man, he acknowledges to himself with
a wry sigh, if I could somehow fail to notice these things. “I’ll start in the
bathroom,” she says discreetly. “Sir,” he reminds her. “Sir,” she says.
And she enters. Deliberately and gravely, as though once and for all, without
affectation, somewhat encumbered by the vital paraphernalia of her office, yet
radiant with that clear-browed self-assurance achieved only by long and
generous devotion to duty. She plants her bucket and brushes beside the door,
leans the mop and broom against the wall, then crosses the room to fling open
(humbly, authoritatively) the curtains and the garden doors: the fragrant air and
sunlight come flooding in, a flood she now feels able to appreciate. The sun is
already high in the sky, but the garden is still bejeweled with morning dew and
(she remembers to notice) there is such a song of birds all about! What
inspiration! She enjoys this part of her work: flushing out the stale darkness of
the dead night with such grand (yet circumspect) gestures – it’s almost an act of

magic! Of course, she takes pleasure in all her appointed tasks (she reminds
herself), whether it be scrubbing floors or polishing furniture or even scouring
out the tub or toilet, for she knows that only in giving herself (as he has told her)
can she find herself: true service (he doesn’t have to tell her!) is perfect freedom.
And so, excited by the song of the birds, the sweet breath of morning, and her
own natural eagerness to please, she turns with a glad heart to her favorite task
of all: the making of the bed. Indeed, all the rest of her work is embraced by it,
for the opening up and airing of the bed is the first of her tasks, the making of it
her last. Today, however, when she tosses the covers back, she finds, coiled like
a dark snake near the foot, a bloodstained leather belt. She starts back. The
sheets, too, are flecked with blood. Shadows seem to creep across the room and
the birds fall silent. Perhaps, she thinks, her heart sinking, I’d better go out and
come in again . . .
At least, he cautions himself while taking a shower, give her a chance. Her
forgetfulness, her clumsiness, her endless comings and goings and stupid
mistakes are a trial, of course, and he feels sometimes like he’s been living with
them forever, but she means well and, with patience, instruction, discipline, she
can still learn. Indeed, to the extent that she fails, it could be said, he has failed.
He knows he must be firm, yet understanding, severe if need be, but caring and
protective. He vows to treat her today with the civility and kindness due to an
inferior, and not to lose his temper, even should she resist. Our passions (he
reminds himself) are our infirmities. A sort of fever of the mind, which ever
leaves us weaker than it found us. But when he turns off the taps and reaches for
the towel, he finds it damp. Again! He can feel the rage rising in him, turning his
gentler intentions to ash with its uncontrollable heat. Has she forgotten to change
them yet again, he wonders furiously, standing there in a puddle with the cold
wet towels clutched in his fists – or has she not even come yet?
She enters once and for all, encumbered with her paraphernalia which she
deposits by the wall near the door, thinking: it should be easier than this. Indeed,
why bother at all when it always seems to turn out the same? Yet she cannot do
otherwise. She is driven by a sense of duty and a profound appetite for hope
never quite stifled by even the harshest punishments: this time, today, perhaps it
will be perfect . . . So, deliberately and gravely, not staring or turning her head
either one way or the other, she crosses the room to the far wall and, with a
determined flourish, draws open the tall curtains, flooding the room with buckets
of sunlight, but her mind is clouded with an old obscurity: when, she wants to
know as she opens wide the glass doors to let the sweet breath of morning in
(there are birds, too, such a song, she doesn’t hear it), did all this really begin?

(there are birds, too, such a song, she doesn’t hear it), did all this really begin?
When she entered? Before that? Long ago? Not yet? Or just now as, bracing
herself as though for some awful trial, she turns upon the bed and flings the
covers back, her morning’s tasks begun.
“Oh!” she cries. “I beg your pardon, sir!”
He stares groggily down at the erection poking up out of the fly of his pajama
pants, like (she thinks) some kind of luxuriant but dangerous dew-bejeweled
blossom: a monster in the garden. “I was having a dream,” he announces
sleepily, yet gravely. “Something about tumidity. But it kept getting mixed up
somehow with –”
But she is no longer listening. Watching his knobby plant waggle puckishly in
the morning breeze, then dip slowly, wilting toward the shadows like a closing
morning glory, a solution of sorts has occurred to her to that riddle of genesis
that has been troubling her mind: to wit, that a condition has no beginning. Only
change can begin or end.
She enters, dressed crisply in her black uniform with its starched white apron
and lace cap, leans her mop against the wall like a standard, and strides across
the gleaming tile floor to fling open the garden doors as though (he thinks)
calling forth the morning. What’s left of it. Watching her from behind the
bathroom door, he is moved by her transparent earnestness, her uncomplicated
enthusiasm, her easy self-assurance. What more, really, does he want of her?
Never mind that she’s forgotten her broom again, or that her shoe’s unbuckled
and her cap on crooked, or that in her exuberance she nearly broke the glass
doors (and sooner or later will), what is wonderful is the quickening of her
spirits as she enters, the light that seems to dawn on her face as she opens the
room, the way she makes a maid’s oppressive routine seem like a sudden
invention of love. See now how she tosses back the blankets and strips off the
sheets as though, in childish excitement, unwrapping a gift! How in fluffing up
the pillows she seems almost to bring them to life! She calls it: “doing the will of
God from the heart!” “Teach me, my God and King, in all things thee to see,”
she sings, “and what I do in any thing, to do it as for thee! “Ah well, he envies
her: would that he had it so easy! All life is a service, he knows that. To live in
the full sense of the word is not to exist or subsist merely, but to make oneself
over, to give oneself: to some high purpose, to others, to some social end, to life
itself beyond the shell of ego. But he, lacking superiors, must devote himself to
abstractions, never knowing when he has succeeded, when he has failed, or even
if he has the abstractions right, whereas she, needing no others, has him. He
would like to explain this to her, to ease the pain of her routine, of her

chastisement – what he calls his disciplinary interventions – but he knows that it
is he, not she, who is forever in need of such explanations. Her mop fairly flies
over the tiles (today she has remembered the mop), making them gleam like
mirrors, her face radiant with their reflected light. He checks himself in the
bathroom mirror, flicks lint off one shoulder, smoothes the ends of his
moustache. If only she could somehow understand how difficult it is for me, he
thinks as he steps out to receive her greeting: “Good morning, sir.”
“Good morning,” he replies crisply, glancing around the room. He means to
give her some encouragement, to reward her zeal with praise or gratitude or at
least a smile to match her own, but instead he finds himself flinging his dirty
towels at her feet and snapping: “These towels are damp! See to it that they are
replaced!”
“Yes, sir!”
“Moreover, your apron strings are dangling untidily and there are flyspecks on
the mirror!”
“Sir.”
“And another thing!” He strides over to the bed and tears it apart. “Isn’t it
about time these sheets were changed? Or am I supposed to wear them through
before they are taken to be washed?”
“But, sir, I just put new –!”
“What? WHAT –?!” he storms. “Answering back to a reproof? Have you
forgotten all I’ve taught you?”
“I – I’m sorry, sir!”
“Never answer back if your master takes occasion to reprove you, except –?”
“Except it be to acknowledge my fault, sir, and that I am sorry for having
committed it, promising to amend for the time to come, and to . . . to . . .”
“Am I being unfair?” he insists, unbuckling his belt.
“No, sir,” she says, her eyes downcast, shoulders trembling, her arms pressed
tight to her sides.
He is strict but not unkindly. He pays her well, is grateful for her services, treats
her respectfully: she doesn’t dislike him or even fear him. Nor does she have to
work very hard: he is essentially a tidy man, picks up after himself, comes and
goes without disturbing things much. A bit of dusting and polishing now and
then, fold his pajamas, change the towels, clean the bathroom, scrub the floor,
make his bed: really, there’s nothing to complain about. Yet, vaguely, even as
she opens up the garden doors, letting the late morning sunshine and freshness
in, she feels unhappy. Not because of what she must do – no, she truly serves
with gladness. When she straightens a room, polishes a floor, bleaches a sheet or
scrubs a tub, always doing the very best she can, she becomes, she knows, a part

scrubs a tub, always doing the very best she can, she becomes, she knows, a part
of what is good in the world, creating a kind of beauty, revealing a kind of truth.
About herself, about life, the things she touches. It’s just that, somehow,
something is missing. Some response, some enrichment, some direction . . . it’s,
well, it’s too repetitive. Something like that. That’s part of the problem anyway.
The other part is what she keeps finding in his bed. Things that oughtn’t to be
there, like old razor blades, broken bottles, banana skins, bloody pessaries,
crumbs and ants, leather thongs, mirrors, empty books, old toys, dark stains.
Once, even, a frog jumped out at her. No matter how much sunlight and fresh air
she lets in, there’s always this dark little pocket of lingering night which she has
to uncover. It can ruin everything, all her careful preparations. This morning,
however, all she finds is a pair of flannelette drawers. Ah: she recognizes them.
She glances about guiltily, pulls them on hastily. Lucky the master’s in the
bathroom, she thinks, patting down her skirt and apron, or there’d be the devil to
pay.
Something about scouring, or scourging, he can’t remember, and a teacher he
once had who called his lectures “lechers”.
The maid is standing over him, staring down in some astonishment at his
erection. “Oh! I beg your pardon, sir!”
“I was having a dream . . .” he explains, trying to bring it back. “Something
about a woman . . .” But by then he is alone again. He hears her in the bathroom,
running water, singing, whipping the wet towels off the racks and tossing them
out the door. Ah well, it’s easy for her, she can come and go. He sits up,
squinting in the bright light, watching his erection dip back inside his pajamas
like a sleeper pulling the blankets over his head (oh yes! to return there!), then
dutifully shoves his feet into slippers, stretches, staggers to the open garden
doors. The air is fragrant and there’s a morning racket of birds and insects,
vaguely threatening. Sometimes, as now, scratching himself idly and dragging
himself still from the stupor of sleep, he wonders about his calling, how it came
to be his, and when it all began: on his coming here? on her coming here? before
that, in some ancient time beyond recall? And has he chosen it? or has he, like
that woman in his dream, showing him something that for some reason enraged
him, been “born with it, sir, for your very utility”?
She strives, understanding the futility of it, for perfection. To arrive properly
equipped, to cross the room deliberately, circumspectly, without affectation (as
he has taught her), to fling open the garden doors and let the sweet breath of
morning flow in and chase the night away, to strip and air the bed and, after all
her common tasks, her trivial round, to remake it smooth and tight, all the sheets

her common tasks, her trivial round, to remake it smooth and tight, all the sheets
and blankets tucked in neatly at the sides and bottom, the upper sheet and
blankets turned down at the head just so far that their fold covers only half the
pillows, all topped with the spread, laid to hang evenly at all sides. And today –
perhaps at last! She straightens up, wipes her brow, looks around: yes! he’ll be
so surprised! Everything perfect! Her heart is pounding as the master, dressed
for the day, steps out of the bathroom, marches directly over to the bed, hauls
back the covers, picks up a pillow, and hits her in the face with it. Now what did
he do that for? “And another thing!” he says.
He awakes, feeling sorry for himself (he’s not sure why, something he’s been
dreaming perhaps, or merely the need to wake just by itself: come, day, do your
damage!), tears himself painfully from the bed’s embrace, sits up, pushes his feet
into slippers. He grunts, squinting in the dimness at his watch: she’s late. Just as
well. He can shower before she gets here. He staggers into the bathroom and
drops his pajamas, struggling to recall his dream. Something about a woman in
the civil service, which in her ignorance or cupidity, she insisted on calling the
“sibyl service”. He is relieving himself noisily when the maid comes in.
“Oh! I beg your pardon, sir!”
“Good morning,” he replies crisply, and pulls his pajamas up, but she is gone.
He can hear her outside the door, walking quickly back and forth, flinging open
the curtains and garden doors, singing to herself as though lifted by the tasks
before her. Sometimes he envies her, having him. Her footsteps carry her to the
bed and he hears the rush and flutter of sheets and blankets being thrown back.
Hears her scream.
He’s not unkind, demands no more than is his right, pays her well, and teaches
her things like, “All life is a service, a consecration to some high end,” and, “If
domestic service is to be tolerable, there must be an attitude of habitual
deference on the one side and one of sympathetic protection on the other.”
“Every state and condition of life has its particular duties,” he has taught her.
“The duty of a servant is to be obedient, diligent, sober, just, honest, frugal,
orderly in her behavior, submissive and respectful toward her master. She must
be contented in her station, because it is necessary that some should be above
others in this world, and it was the will of the Almighty to place you in a state of
servitude.” Her soul, in short, is his invention, and she is grateful to him for it.
“Whatever thy hand findeth to do,” he has admonished, “do it with all thy
might!” Nevertheless, looking over her shoulder at her striped sit-me-down in
the wardrobe mirror, she wishes he might be a little less literal in applying his
own maxims: he’s drawn blood!

He awakes, mumbling something about a dream, a teacher he once had, some
woman, infirmities. “A sort of fever of the mind,” he explains, his throat
phlegmy with sleep.
“Yes, sir,” she says, and flings open the curtains and the garden doors, letting
light and air into the stale bedroom.
She takes pleasure in all her appointed tasks, but enjoys this one most of all,
more so when the master is already out of bed, for he seems to resent her waking
him like this. Just as he resents her arriving late, after he’s risen. Either way,
sooner or later, she’ll have to pay for it.
“It’s a beautiful day,” she remarks hopefully.
He sits up with an ambiguous grunt, rubs his eyes, yawns, shudders. “You
may speak when spoken to,” he grumbles, tucking his closing morning glory
back inside his pajamas (behind her, bees are humming in the garden and there’s
a crackly pulsing of insects, but the birds have fallen silent: she had thought
today might be perfect, but already it is slipping away from her), “unless it be to
deliver a message or ask a necessary question.”
“Yes, sir.”
He shoves his feet into slippers and staggers off to the bathroom, leaving her
to face (she expects the worst) – shadows have invaded the room – the rumpled
bed alone.
It’s not just the damp towels. It’s also the streaked floor, the careless banging of
the garden doors, her bedraggled uniform, the wrinkled sheets, the confusion of
her mind. He lectures her patiently on the proper way to make a bed, the airing
of the blankets, turning of the mattress, changing of the sheets, the importance of
a smooth surface. “Like a blank sheet of crisp new paper,” he tells her. He shows
her how to make the correct diagonal creases at the corners, how to fold the top
edge of the upper sheet back over the blankets, how to carry the spread under
and then over the pillows. Oh, not for his benefit and advantage – he could sleep
anywhere or, for that matter (in extremity) could make his own bed – but for
hers. How else would she ever be able to realize what is best in herself?
“A little arrangement and thought will give you method and habit,” he
explains (it is his “two fairies” lecture), but though she seems willing enough, is
polite and deferential, even eager to please, she can never seem to get it just
right. Is it a weakness on her part, he wonders as he watches her place the
pillows on the bed upside down, then tug so hard on the bottom blanket that it
comes out at the foot, or some perversity? Is she testing him? She refits the
bottom blanket, tucks it in again, but he knows the sheet beneath is now
wrinkled. He sighs, removes his belt. Perfection is elusive, but what else is there
worth striving for? “Am I being unfair?” he insists.

worth striving for? “Am I being unfair?” he insists.
He’s standing there in the sunlight in his slippers and pajama bottoms, cracking
his palm with a leather strap, when she enters (once and for all) with all her
paraphernalia. She plants the bucket and brushes beside the door, leans the mop
and broom against the wall, stacks the fresh linens and towels on a chair. She is
late – the curtains and doors are open, her circumspect crossing of the room no
longer required – but she remains hopeful. Running his maxims over in her head,
she checks off her rags and brushes, her polishes, cleaning powders, razor
blades, toilet paper, dustpans – oh, no . . . ! Her heart sinks like soap in a bucket.
The soap she has forgotten to bring. She sighs, then deliberately and gravely,
without affectation, not stamping too loud, nor dragging her legs after her, not
marching as if leading a dance, nor keeping time with her head and hands, nor
staring or turning her head either one way or the other, she advances sedately
and discreetly across the gleaming tiles to the bed and, tucking up her dress and
apron, pulling down her flannelette drawers, bends over the foot of it, exposing
her soul’s ingress to the sweet breath of morning, blowing in from the garden. “I
wonder if you can appreciate,” he says, picking a bit of lint off his target before
applying his corrective measures to it, “how difficult this is for me?”
He awakes, vaguely frightened by something he’s dreamt (it was about order or
odor and a changed condition – but how did it begin . . . ?), wound up in damp
sheets and unable at first even to move, defenseless against the day already hard
upon him. Its glare blinds him, but he can hear the maid moving about the room,
sweeping the floor, changing the towels, running water, pushing furniture
around.
“Good morning, sir,” she says.
“Come here a moment,” he replies gruffly, then clears his throat.
“Sir?”
“Look under the bed. Tell me what you see.” He expects the worst: blood, a
decapitated head, a bottomless hole . . .
“I’m – I’m sorry, sir,” she says, tucking up her skirt and apron, lowering her
drawers, “I thought I had swept it . . .”
No matter how much fresh air and sunlight she lets in, there is always this little
pocket of lingering night which she has to uncover. Once she found a dried
bull’s pizzle in there, another time a dead mouse in a trap. Even the nice things
she finds in the bed are somehow horrible: the toys broken, the food moldy, the
clothing torn and bloody. She knows she must always be circumspect and selfeffacing, never letting her countenance betray the least dislike toward any task,

effacing, never letting her countenance betray the least dislike toward any task,
however trivial or distasteful, and she resolves every morning to be cheerful and
good-natured, letting nothing she finds there put her out of temper with
everything besides, but sometimes she cannot help herself. “Oh, teach me, my
God and King, in all things thee to see, and what I do in any thing, to do it as for
thee,” she tells herself, seeking courage, and flings back the sheets and blankets.
She screams. But it’s only money, a little pile of gold coins, agleam with
promise. Or challenge: is he testing her?
Oh, well, he envies her, even as that seat chosen by Mother Nature for such
interventions quivers and reddens under the whistling strokes of the birch rod in
his hand. “Again!”
“Be . . . be diligent in endeavoring to please your master – be faithful and . . .
and . . .” Swish-SNAP! “Oh, sir!”
“Honest!”
“Yes, sir!”
She, after all, is free to come and go, her correction finitely inscribed by time
and the manuals, but he . . . He sighs unhappily. How did it all begin, he
wonders. Was it destiny, choice, generosity? If she would only get it right for
once, he reasons, bringing his stout engine of duty down with a sharp report on
her brightly striped but seemingly unimpressionable hinder parts, he might at
least have time for a stroll in the garden. Does she – CRACK! – think he enjoys
this? “Well?”
“Be . . . be faithful, honest and submissive to him, sir, and –” Whish-SLASH!
“And – gasp! – do not incline to be slothful! Or –” THWOCK! “Ow! Please, sir!
” Hiss-WHAP!
She groans, quivers, starts. The two raised hemispheres upon which the blows
from the birch rod have fallen begin (predictably) to make involuntary motions
both vertically and horizontally, the constrictor muscle being hard at work, the
thighs also participating in the general vibrations, all in all a dismal spectacle.
And for nothing? So it would seem . . .
“Or?”
“Or lie long in bed, sir, but rise . . . rise early in a morning!”
The weals criss-cross each other on her enflamed posteriors like branches
against the pink clouds of dawn, which for some reason saddens him.
“Am I being unfair?”
“No – no, s –” Whisp-CRACK!
She shows no tears, but her face pressed against the bedding is flushed, her
lips trembling, and she breathes heavily as though she’s been running,
confirming the quality of the rod which is his own construction.
“Sir,” he reminds her, turning away.

“Sir,” he reminds her, turning away.
“Sir,” she replies faintly. “Thank you, sir.”
She enters, once and for all, radiant and clear-browed (a long devotion to duty),
with all her paraphernalia, her mop and bucket, brooms, rags, soaps, polishes,
sets them all down, counting them off on her fingers, then crosses the room
deliberately and circumspectly, not glancing at the rumpled bed, and flings open
the curtains and the garden doors to call forth the morning, what’s left of it.
There is such a song of insects all about (the preying birds are silent) – what
inspiration! “Lord, keep me in my place!” The master is in the shower: she hears
the water. “Let me be diligent in performing whatever my master commands
me,” she prays, “neat and clean in my habit, modest in my carriage, silent when
he is angry, willing to please, quick and neat-handed about what I do, and
always of an humble and good disposition!” Then, excited to the most generous
and efficient accomplishments, she turns with a palpitating heart (she is thinking
about perfect service and freedom and the unpleasant things she has found) to
the opening up and airing of the bed. She braces herself, expecting the worst, but
finds only a wilted flower from the garden: ah! today then! she thinks hopefully
– perhaps at last! But then she hears the master turn the taps off, step out of the
shower. Oh no . . . ! She lowers her drawers to her knees, lifts her dress, and
bends over the unmade bed.
“These towels are damp!” he blusters, storming out of the bathroom, wielding
the fearsome rod, that stout engine of duty, still wet from the shower.
Sometimes he uses a rod, sometimes his hand, his belt, sometimes a whip, a
cane, a cat-o’-nine-tails, a bull’s pizzle, a hickory switch, a martinet, ruler,
slipper, a leather strap, a hairbrush. There are manuals for this. Different
preparations and positions to be assumed, the number and severity of the strokes
generally prescribed to fit the offense: he has explained it all to her, though it is
not what is important to her. She knows he is just, could not be otherwise if he
tried, even if the relative seriousness of the various infractions seems somewhat
obscure to her at times. No, what matters to her is the idea behind the regulations
that her daily tasks, however trivial, are perfectible. Not absolutely perhaps, but
at least in terms of the manuals. This idea, which is almost tangible – made
manifest, as it were, in the weals on her behind – is what the punishment is for,
she assumes. She does not enjoy it certainly, nor (she believes – and it wouldn’t
matter if he did) does he. Rather, it is a road (speaking loosely), the rod, to bring
her daily nearer God – and what’s more, it seems that she’s succeeding at last!
Today everything has been perfect: her entry, all her vital paraphernalia, her
circumspect crossing of the room and opening of the garden doors, her scrubbing

circumspect crossing of the room and opening of the garden doors, her scrubbing
and waxing and dusting and polishing, her opening up and airing and making of
the master’s bed – everything!
True service, she knows (he has taught her!), is perfect freedom, and today she
feels it: almost like a breeze – the sweet breath of success – lifting her! But then
the master emerges from the bathroom, his hair wild, fumbles through the
clothes hanging in the wardrobe, pokes through the dresser drawers, whips back
the covers of her perfectly made bed.
“What’s this doing here –?!” he demands, holding up his comb.
“I – I’m sorry, sir! It wasn’t there when I – ” “What? What –?!” He seizes her
by the elbow, drags her to the foot of the bed, forces her to bend over it. “I have
been very indulgent to you, up to now, but now I am going to punish you
severely, to cure you of your insolent clumsiness once and for all! So pull up
your skirt – come! pull it up! you know well enough that the least show of
resistance means ten extra cuts of the – what’s this?!” She peers round her
shoulder at her elevated sit-me-down, so sad and pale above her stockings. “I – I
don’t understand, sir! I had them on when I came in –!”
Perhaps he’s been pushing her too hard, he muses, soaping himself in the shower
and trying to recall the dream he was having when she woke him up (something
about ledgers and manual positions, a woman, and the merciless invention of
souls which was a sort of fever of the mind), perhaps he’s been expecting too
much too soon, making her overanxious, for in some particulars now she is
almost too efficient, clattering in with her paraphernalia like a soldier, blinding
him with a sudden brutal flood of sunlight from the garden, hauling the sheets
out from under him while he’s still trying to stuff his feet into his slippers.
Perhaps he should back off a bit, give her a chance to recover some of her ease
and spontaneity, even at the expense of a few undisciplined errors. Perhaps . . .
yet he knows he could never let up, even if he tried. Not that he enjoys all this
punishment, any more (he assumes, but it doesn’t matter) than she does. No, he
would rather do just about anything else – crawl back into bed, read his manuals,
even take a stroll in the garden – but he is committed to a higher end, his life a
mission of sorts, a consecration, and so punish her he must, for to the extent that
she fails, he fails. As he turns off the taps and steps out of the shower, reaching
for the towel, the maid rushes in.
“Oh, I beg your pardon, sir!”
He grabs a towel and wraps it around him, but she snatches it away again:
“That one’s damp, sir!” She dashes out to fetch him a fresh one and he is moved
by her transparent enthusiasm, her eagerness to please, her seemingly
unquenchable appetite for hope: perhaps today . . . ! But he has already noticed

unquenchable appetite for hope: perhaps today . . . ! But he has already noticed
that she has forgotten her lace cap, there’s a dark stain on the bib of her apron,
and her garters are dangling. He sighs, reaches for the leather strap. Somehow (is
there to be no end to this? he wonders ruefully) it should be easier than this.
She does not enjoy the discipline of the rod, nor does he – or so he believes,
though what would it matter if he did? Rather, they are both dedicated to the
fundamental proposition (she winces at the painful but unintended pun, while
peering over her shoulder at herself in the wardrobe mirror, tracing the weals
with her fingertips) that her daily tasks, however trivial, are perfectible, her
punishments serving her as a road, loosely speaking, to bring her daily nearer
God, at least in terms of the manuals. Tenderly, she lifts her drawers up over her
blistered sit-me-down, smoothes down her black alpaca dress and white lace
apron, wipes the tears from her eyes, and turns once more to the unmade bed.
Outside, the bees humming in the noonday sun remind her of all the time she’s
lost. At least, she consoles herself, the worst is past. But the master is pacing the
room impatiently and she’s fearful his restlessness will confuse her again.
“Why don’t you go for a stroll in the garden, sir?” she suggests deferentially.
“You may speak when spoken to!” he reminds her, jabbing a finger at her
sharply.
“I – I’m sorry, sir!”
“You must be careful not only to do your work quietly, but to keep out of
sight as much as possible, and never begin to speak to your master, unless –?”
“Unless it be to deliver a message, sir, or ask a necessary question!”
“And then to do it in as few words as possible,” he adds, getting down his
riding whip. “Am I being unfair?”
“But, sir! you’ve already –!”
“What? What?! Answering back to a reproof?”
“But –!”
“Enough!” he rages, seizing her by the arm and dragging her over to the bed.
“Please!”
But he pulls her down over his left knee, pushes her head down on the
stripped mattress, locking her legs in place with his right leg, clamps her right
wrist in the small of her back, throws her skirts back and jerks her drawers
down.
“Oh, sir!” she pleads, what is now her highest part still radiant and throbbing
from the previous lesson.
“SILENCE!” he roars, lifting the whip high above his head, a curious strained
expression on his face. She can hear the whip sing as he brings it down, her

cheeks pinch together involuntarily, her heart leaps: “He’ll draw blood!”
Where does she come from? Where does she go? He doesn’t know. All he
knows is that every day she comes here, dressed in her uniform and carrying all
her paraphernalia with her, which she sets down by the door; then she crosses
the room, opens up the curtains and garden doors, makes his bed soft and easy,
first airing the bedding, turning the mattress, and changing the linens, scrubs and
waxes the tiled floor, cleans the bathroom, polishes the furniture and all the
mirrors, replenishes all supplies, and somewhere along the way commits some
fundamental blunder, obliging him to administer the proper correction. Every
day the same. Why does he persist? It’s not so much that he shares her appetite
for hope (though sometimes, late in the day, he does), but that he could not do
otherwise should he wish. To live in the full sense of the word, he knows, is not
merely to exist, but to give oneself to some mission, surrender to a higher
purpose, but in truth he often wonders, watching that broad part destined by
Mother Nature for such solemnities quiver and redden under his hand (he thinks
of it as a blank ledger on which to write), whether it is he who has given himself
to a higher end, or that end which has chosen and in effect captured him?
Perhaps, she thinks, I’d better go out and come in again . . . And so she enters.
As though once and for all, though she’s aware she can never be sure of this. She
sets down beside the door all the vital paraphernalia of her office, checking off
each item on her fingers, then crosses the room (circumspectly etc.) and flings
open the curtains and garden doors to the midday sun. Such a silence all about?
She tries to take heart from it, but it is not so inspiring as the song of birds, and
even the bees seem to have ceased their humming. Though she has resolved, as
always, to be cheerful and good-natured, truly serving with gladness as she does,
she nevertheless finds her will flagging, her mind clouded with old obscurities:
somehow, something is missing. “Teach me, my God and King, in all things thee
to see,” she recites dutifully, but the words seem meaningless to her and go
nowhere. And now, once again, the hard part. She holds back, trembling – but
what can she do about it? For she knows her place and is contented with her
station, as he has taught her. She takes a deep breath of the clean warm air
blowing in from the garden and, fearing the worst, turns upon the bed, hurls the
covers back, and screams. But it is only the master. “Oh! I beg your pardon, sir!”
“A . . . a dream,” he explains huskily, as his erection withdraws into his
pajamas like a worm caught out in the sun, burrowing for shade. “Something
about a lecture on civil severity, what’s left of it, and an inventory of soaps . . .
or hopes . . .”
He’s often like that as he struggles (never very willingly, it seems to her) out

He’s often like that as he struggles (never very willingly, it seems to her) out
of sleep. She leaves him there, sitting on the edge of the bed, squinting in the
bright light, yawning and scratching himself and muttering something depressing
about being born again, and goes to the bathroom to change the towels, check
the toothpaste and toilet paper, wipe the mirror and toilet seat, and put fresh soap
in the shower tray, doing the will of God and the manuals, endeavoring to
please. As he shuffles groggily in, already reaching inside his fly, she slips out,
careful not to speak as she’s not been spoken to, and returns to the rumpled bed.
She tosses back the blankets afresh (nothing new, thank you, sir), strips away the
soiled linens, turns and brushes the mattress (else it might imbibe an unhealthy
kind of dampness and become unpleasant), shakes the feather pillows and sets
everything out to air. While the master showers, she dusts the furniture, polishes
the mirrors, and mops the floor, then remakes the bed, smooth and tight, all the
sheets and blankets tucked in neatly at the sides and bottom, the top sheet turned
down at the head, over the blankets, the spread carried under, then over the
pillows, and hanging equally low at both sides and the foot: ah! it’s almost an act
of magic! But are those flyspecks on the mirror? She rubs the mirror and, seeing
herself reflected there, thinks to check that her apron strings are tied and her
stocking seams are straight. Peering over her shoulder at herself, her eye falls on
the mirrored bed: one of the sheets is dangling at the foot, peeking out from
under the spread as though exposing itself rudely. She hurries over, tucks it in,
being careful to make the proper diagonal fold, but now the spread seems to be
hanging lower on one side than the other. She whips it back, dragging the top
sheet and blankets part way with it. The taps have been turned off; the master is
drying himself. Carefully, she remakes the bed, tucking in all the sheets and
blankets properly, fluffing the pillows up once more, covering it all with the
spread, hung evenly. All this bedmaking has raised a lot of dust: she can see her
own tracks on the floor. Hurriedly she wipes the furniture again and sweeps the
tiles. Has she bumped the bed somehow? The spread is askew once again like a
gift coming unwrapped. She tugs it to one side, sees ripples appear on top. She
tries to smooth them down, but apparently the blankets are wrinkled underneath.
She hasn’t pushed the dresser back against the wall. The wardrobe door is open,
reflecting the master standing in the doorway to the bathroom, slapping his palm
with a bull’s pizzle. She stands there, downcast, shoulders trembling, her arms
pressed to her sides, unable to move. It’s like some kind of failure of
communication, she thinks, her diligent endeavors to please him forever
thwarted by her irremediable clumsiness.
“Come, come! A little arrangement and thought will give you method and
habit,” he reminds her gravely. “Two fairies that will make the work disappear
before a ready pair of hands!”

before a ready pair of hands!”
In her mind, she doesn’t quite believe it, but her heart is ever hopeful, her
hands readier than he knows. She takes the bed apart once more and remakes it
from the beginning, tucking everything in correctly, fluffing the pillows, laying
the spread evenly: all tight and smooth it looks. Yes! She pushes the dresser
(once he horsed her there: she shudders to recall it, a flush of dread racing
through her) back against the wall, collects the wet towels he has thrown on the
floor, closes the wardrobe door. In the mirror, she sees the bed. The spread and
blankets have been thrown back, the sheets pulled out. In the bathroom doorway,
the master taps his palm with the stretched-out bull’s pizzle, testing its firmness
and elasticity, which she knows to be terrifying in its perfection. She remakes
the bed tight and smooth, not knowing what else to do, vaguely aware as she
finishes of an unpleasant odor. Under the bed? Also her apron is missing and she
seems to have a sheet left over. Shadows creep across the room, silent now but
for the rhythmic tapping of the pizzle in the master’s hand and the pounding of
her own palpitating heart.
Sometimes he stretches her across his lap. Sometimes she must bend over a chair
or the bed, or lie flat out on it, or be horsed over the pillows, the dresser or a
stool, there are manuals for this. Likewise her drawers: whether they are to be
drawn tight over her buttocks like a second skin or lowered, and if lowered, by
which of them, how far, and so on. Her responses are assumed in the texts (the
writhing, sobbing, convulsive quivering, blushing, moaning, etc.), but not
specified, except insofar as they determine his own further reactions – to
resistance, for example, or premature acquiescence, fainting, improper language,
an unclean bottom, and the like. Thus, once again, her relative freedom: her
striped buttocks tremble and dance spontaneously under the whip which his hand
must bring whistling down on them according to canon – ah well, it’s not so
much that he envies her (her small freedoms cost her something, he knows that),
but that he is saddened by her inability to understand how difficult it is for him,
and without that understanding it’s as though something is always missing, no
matter how faithfully he adheres to the regulations.
“And –?”
“And be neat and clean in your –” whisp-CRACK! “– OW! habit! Oh! and
wash yourself all over once a day to avoid bad smells and –” hiss-SNAP! “– and
– gasp! – wear strong decent underclothing!”
The whip sings a final time, smacks its broad target with a loud report, and
little drops of blood appear like punctuation, gratitude, morning dew.
“That will do, then. See that you don’t forget to wear them again!”
“Yes, sir.” She lowers her black alpaca skirt gingerly over the glowing

“Yes, sir.” She lowers her black alpaca skirt gingerly over the glowing
crimson flesh as though hooding a lamp, wincing at each touch. “Thank you,
sir.”
For a long time she struggled to perform her tasks in such a way as to avoid the
thrashings. But now, with time, she has come to understand that the tasks, truly
common, are only peripheral details in some larger scheme of things which
includes her punishment – indeed, perhaps depends upon it. Of course she still
performs her duties as though they were perfectible and her punishment could be
avoided, ever diligent in endeavoring to please him who guides her, but though
each day the pain surprises her afresh, the singing of the descending instrument
does not. That God has ordained bodily punishment (and Mother Nature
designed the proper place of martyrdom) is beyond doubt – every animal is
governed by it, understands and fears it, and the fear of it keeps every creature in
its own sphere, forever preventing (as he has taught her) that natural confusion
and disorder that would instantly arise without it. Every state and condition of
life has its particular duties, and each is subject to the divine government of pain,
nothing could be more obvious, and looked on this way, his chastisements are
not merely necessary, they might even be beautiful. Or so she consoles herself,
trying to take heart, calm her rising panic, as she crosses the room under his
stern implacable gaze, lowers her drawers as far as her knees, tucks her skirt up,
and bends over the back of a chair, hands on the seat, thighs taut and pressed
closely together, what is now her highest part tensing involuntarily as though to
reduce the area of pain, if not the severity. “It’s . . . it’s a beautiful day, sir,” she
says hopefully.
“What? WHAT?!”
Relieving himself noisily in the bathroom, the maid’s daily recitals in the next
room (such a blast of light out there – even in here he keeps his eyes half closed)
thus drowned out, he wonders if there’s any point in going on. She is late, has
left half her paraphernalia behind, is improperly dressed, and he knows, even
without looking, that the towels are damp. Maybe it’s some kind of failure of
communication. A mutual failure. Is that possible? A loss of syntax between
stroke and weal? No, no, even if possible, it is unthinkable. He turns on the
shower taps and lets fall his pajama pants, just as the maid comes in with a dead
fetus and drops it down the toilet, flushes it.
“I found it in your bed, sir,” she explains gratuitously (is she testing him?),
snatching up the damp towels, but failing to replace them with fresh ones. At
least she’s remembered her drawers today: she’s wearing them around her
ankles. He sighs as she shuffles out. Maybe he should simply forget it, go for a

stroll in the garden or something, crawl back into bed (a dream, he recalls now:
something about lectures or ledgers – an inventory perhaps – and a bottomless
hole, glass breaking, a woman doing what she called “the hard part” . . . or did
she say “heart part”?), but of course he cannot, even if he truly wished to. He is
not a free man, his life is consecrated, for though he is her master, her failures
are inescapably his. He turns off the shower taps, pulls up his pajama pants,
takes down the six-thonged martinet.
“I have been very indulgent to you, up to now,” he announces, stepping out of
the bathroom, “but now I am going to punish you severely, so pull up your skirt,
come! pull it up!”
But, alas, it is already up. She is bent over the foot of the bed, her pale hinder
parts already exposed for his ministrations, an act of insolence not precisely
covered by his manuals. Well, he reasons wryly, making the martinet sing whole
chords, if improvisation is denied him, interpretation is not.
“Ow, sir! Please! You’ll draw blood, sir!”
“Neat and clean in habit, modest –” WHACK! “– in . . . in carriage, silent when
–” Whisp-SNAP! “OW!!”
“Be careful! If you move, the earlier blow won’t count!”
“I – I’m sorry, sir!”
Her soul, she knows, is his invention, and she is grateful to him for it, but
exposed like this to the whining slashes of the cane and the sweet breath of midafternoon which should cool his righteous ardor but doesn’t (once a bee flew in
and stung him on the hand: what did it mean? nothing: she got it on her sit-medown once, too, and he took the swelling for a target), her thighs shackled by
flannelette drawers and blood rushing to her head, she can never remember (for
all the times he has explained it to her) why it is that Mother Nature has chosen
that particular part of her for such solemnities: it seems more like a place for
lettings things out than putting things in.
“Well? Silent when –?”
“Silent when he is angry, willing to please, quick and –” swish-CRACK! “–
and of good disposition!”
“Sir,” he reminds her: THWOCK!
“SIR!” she cries.
“Very well, but you must learn to take more pleasure in your appointed tasks,
however trivial or unpleasant, and when you are ordered to do anything, do not
grumble or let your countenance betray any dislike thereunto, but do it
cheerfully and readily!”
“Yes, sir! Thank you, sir!”
She is all hot behind, and peering over her shoulder at herself in the wardrobe

She is all hot behind, and peering over her shoulder at herself in the wardrobe
mirror after the master has gone to shower, she can see through her tears that it’s
like on fire, flaming crimson it is, with large blistery welts rising and throbbing
like things alive: he’s drawn blood! She dabs at it with her drawers, recalling a
dream he once related to her about a teacher he’d had who called his
chastisements “scripture lessons”, and she understands now what he’s always
meant by demanding “a clean sheet of paper.”
Well, certainly it has always been clean, neat and clean as he’s taught her,
that’s one thing she’s never got wrong, always washing it well every day in three
hot lathers, letting the last lather be made thin of the soap, then not rinsing it or
toweling it, but drying it over brimstone, keeping it as much from the air as
possible, for that, she knows, will spoil it if it comes to it. She finishes drying it
by slapping it together in her hands, then holding it before a good fire until it be
thoroughly hot, then clapping it and rubbing it between her hands from the fire,
occasionally adding to its fairness by giving it a final wash in a liquor made of
rosemary flowers boiled in white wine. Now, she reasons, lifting her drawers up
gingerly over the hot tender flesh, which is still twitching convulsively, if she
could just apply those same two fairies, method and habit, to the rest of her
appointed tasks, she might yet find in them that pleasure he insists she take,
according to the manuals. Well, anyway, the worst is past. Or so she consoles
herself, as smoothing down her black skirt and white lace apron, she turns to the
bed. “Oh, teach me, my God and King, in all things thee to . . .” What –? There’s
something under there! And it’s moving . . . !
“Thank you, sir.”
“I know that perfection is elusive,” he explains, putting away his stout engine
of duty, while she staggers over, her knees bound by her drawers, to examine her
backside in the wardrobe mirror (it is well cut, he knows, and so aglow one
might cook little birds over it or roast chestnuts, as the manuals suggest), “but
what else is there worth striving for?”
“Yes, sir.” She shows no tears, but her face is flushed, her lips are trembling,
and she breathes as though she has been running.
He goes to gaze out into the garden, vaguely dissatisfied. The room is clean,
the bed stripped and made, the maid whipped, why isn’t that enough? Is there
something missing in the manuals? No, more likely, he has failed somehow to
read them rightly. Yet again. Outside in the sleepy afternoon heat of the garden,
the bees are humming, insects chattering, gentler sounds to be sure than the hiss
of a birch rod, the sharp report as it smacks firm resonant flesh, yet strangely
alien to him, sounds of natural confusion and disorder from a world without

precept or invention. He sighs. Though he was thinking “invention”, what he has
heard in his inner ear was “intention”, and now he’s not sure which it was he
truly meant. Perhaps he should back off a bit – or even let her off altogether for a
few days. A kind of holiday from the divine government of pain. Certainly he
does not enjoy it, nor (presumably) does she. If he could ever believe in her as
she believes in him, he might even change places with her for a while, just to
ease his own burden and let her understand how difficult it is for him. A
preposterous idea of course, pernicious in fact, an unthinkable betrayal . . . yet
sometimes, late in the day, something almost like a kind of fever of the mind
(speaking loosely) steals over – enough! enough! no shrinking!
“And another thing!” he shouts, turning on the bed (she is at the door,
gathering up her paraphernalia) and throwing back the covers: at the foot on the
clean crisp sheets there is a little pile of wriggling worms, still coated with dirt
from the garden. “WHAT DOES THIS MEAN?!” he screams.
“I – I’m sorry, sir! I’ll clean it up right away, sir!”
Is she testing him? Taunting him? It’s almost an act of madness! “Am I being
unfair?”
“But, sir, you’ve already –!”
“What? WHAT?! Is there to be no end to this?!”
He holds her over his left knee, her legs locked between his, wrist clamped in the
small of her back, her skirt up and her drawers down, and slaps her with his bare
hand, first one buttock, reddening it smartly in contrast to the dazzling alabaster
(remembering the manuals) of the other, then attacking its companion with equal
alacrity.
“Ow! Please, sir!”
“Come, come, you know that the least show of resistance means ten extra cuts
of the rod!” he admonishes her, doubling her over a chair. “When you are
ordered to do anything, do not grumble or let your countenance betray any
dislike thereunto, but do it cheerfully and generously!”
“Yes, sir, but –”
“What? WHAT?!” Whish-CRACK!
“OW!” SLASH!
Her crimson bottom, hugged close to the pillows, bobs and dances under the
whistling cane.
“When anyone finds fault with you, do not answer rudely!” Whirr-SMACK!
“NO, SIR!”
Each stroke, surprising her afresh, makes her jerk with pain and wrings a little
cry from her (as anticipated by the manuals, when the bull’s pizzle is employed),
which she attempts to stifle by burying her face in the horsehair cushion. “Be

which she attempts to stifle by burying her face in the horsehair cushion. “Be
respectful –?”
“Be respectful and obedient, sir, to those –” swish-THWOCK! “– placed –
OW! – placed OVER you – AARGH!” Whizz-SWACK!
“With fear and trembling –” SMASH! “– and in singleness of your heart!” he
reminds her gravely as she groans, starts, quivers under his patient instruction.
“Ouch! Yes, sir!”
The leather strap whistles down to land with a loud crack across the center of
her glowing buttocks, seeming almost to explode, and making what lilies there
are left into roses. SMACK! Ker-WHACK! He’s working well now.
“Am I being unfair?”
“N-no, sir!” WHAP! SLAP!
Horsed over the dresser, her limbs launch out helplessly with each blow.
“Kneel down!”
She falls humbly to her hands and knees, her head bowed between his
slippered feet, that broad part destined by Mother Nature for such devotions
elevated but pointed away from him toward the wardrobe mirror (as though
trying, flushed and puffed up, to cry out to itself), giving him full and immediate
access to that large division referred to in the texts as the Paphian grove.
“And resolve every morning –?”
“Resolve – gasp! – resolve every morning to be cheerful and –”
He raises the whip, snaps it three times around his head, and brings it down
with a crash on her hinder parts, driving her head forward between his legs.
“And – YOW! – and good-natured that . . . that day, and if any . . . if any accident
– groan! – should happen to –” swish-WHACK! “– to break that resolution,
suffer it . . . suffer it not –” SLASH! “Oh, sir!” SWOCK!
He’s pushing himself, too hard perhaps, but he can’t –
“Please, sir! PLEASE!” She is clinging to his knee, sobbing into his pajama
pants, the two raised hemispheres upon which the strokes have fallen making
involuntary motions both vertically and horizontally as though sending a
message of distress, all the skin wrinkling like the surface of a lake rippled by
the wind.
“What are you doing?! WHAT DOES THIS MEAN?!”
He spanks her with a hairbrush, lashes her with a cat-o’-nine-tails, flagellates
her with nettles, not shrinking from the hard service to be done, this divine
drudgery, clear-browed in his devotion to duty. Perhaps today . . . !
“SIR!”
He pauses, breathing heavily. His arm hurts. There is a curious strained
expression on her face, flushed like her behind and wet with tears. “Sir, if you . .
. if you don’t stop –”

. if you don’t stop –”
“What? WHAT?!”
“You – you won’t know what to do next!”
“Ah.” He has just been smacking her with a wet towel, and the damp rush and
pop, still echoing in his inner ear, reminds him dimly of a dream, perhaps the
one she interrupted when she arrived. In it there was something about humidity,
but it kept getting mixed up somehow with hymnody, such that every time she
opened her mouth (there was a woman in the dream) damp chords flowed out
and stained his ledgers, bleached white as clean sheets.
“I’m so old,” he says, letting his arm drop, “and still each day . . .”
“Sir?”
“Nothing. A dream . . .” Where was he? It doesn’t matter.
“Why don’t you go for a stroll in the garden, sir? It’s a beautiful day.”
Such impudence: he ignores it. “It’s all right,” he says, draping the bloodflecked towel over his shoulder, scratching himself idly. He yawns. “The worst
is past.”
Has he devoted himself to a higher end, he wonders, standing there in the
afternoon sunlight in his slippers and pajama bottoms, flexing a cane, testing it,
snapping it against his palm, or has he been taken captive by it? Is choice itself
an illusion? Or an act of magic? And is the worst over, or has it not yet begun?
He shudders, yawns, stretches. And the manuals . . . ? He is afraid even to ask,
takes a few practise strokes with the cane against a horsehair cushion instead.
When the riddles and paradoxes of his calling overtake him, wrapping him in
momentary darkness, he takes refuge in the purity of technique. The proper
stretching of a bull’s pizzle, for example, this can occupy him for hours. Or the
fabrication of whipping chairs, the index of duties and offenses, the synonymy
associated with corporal discipline and with that broad part destined by Mother
Nature for such services. And a cane is not simply any cane, but preferably one
made like this one of brown Malacca – the stem of an East Indian rattan palm –
about two and a half feet long (give or take an inch and a half) and a quarter of
an inch thick. Whing-SNAP! listen to it! Or take the birch rod, not a mere
random handful of birchen twigs, as often supposed, but an instrument of precise
and elaborate construction. First, the twigs must be meticulously selected for
strength and elasticity, each about two feet long, full of snap and taken from a
young tree, the tips sharp as needles. Then carefully combining the thick with
the thin and slender, they must be bound together for half their length, tightly
enough that they might enjoy long service, yet not too tightly or else the rod will
be like a stick and the twigs have no play. The rod must fit conveniently to the

hand, have reach and swing so as to sing in the air, the larger part of all
punishment being the anticipation of course, not the pain, and must immediately
raise welts and blisters, surprising the chastised flesh afresh with each stroke.
To be sure, it is easier to construct a birch rod than to employ it correctly –
that’s always the hard part, he doesn’t enjoy it, nor does she surely, but the art of
the rod is incomplete without its perfect application. And though elusive, what
else is there worth striving for? Indeed, he knows he has been too indulgent
toward her up till now, treating her with the civility and kindness due to an
inferior, but forgetting the forging of her soul by way of those “vivid lessons,” as
a teacher he once had used to put it, “in holy scripture, hotly writ.”
So when she arrives, staggering in late with all her paraphernalia, her bucket
empty and her bib hanging down, he orders her straight to the foot of the bed.
“But, sir, I haven’t even –”
“Come, come, no dallying! The least show of resistance will double the
punishment! Up with your skirt, up, up! for I intend to – WHAT?! IS THERE
TO BE NO END TO THIS?!”
“I – I’m sorry! I was wearing them when I came – I must have left them
somewhere . . . !”
Maybe it’s some kind of communication problem, he thinks, staring gloomily
at her soul’s ingress which confronts him like blank paper, laundered tiffany, a
perversely empty ledger. The warm afternoon sun blows in through the garden
doors, sapping his brave resolve. He feels himself drifting, yawning, must
literally shake himself to bring the manuals back to mind, his duties, his
devotion . . . “Sir,” she reminds him.
“Sir,” he sighs.
It never ends. Making the bed, she scatters dust and feathers afresh or tips over
the mop bucket. Cleaning up the floor, she somehow disturbs the bed. Or
something does. It’s almost as if it were alive. Blankets wrinkle, sheets peek
perversely out from under the spread, pillows seem to sag or puff up all by
themselves if she turns her back, and if she doesn’t, then flyspecks break out on
the mirror behind her like pimples, towels start to drip, stains appear on her
apron. If she hasn’t forgotten it. She sighs, turns once more on the perfidious
bed. Though always of an humble and good disposition (as she’s been taught),
diligent in endeavoring to please him, and grateful for the opportunity to do the
will of God from the heart by serving him (true service, perfect freedom, she
knows all about that), sometimes, late in the day like this (shadows are creeping
across the room and in the garden the birds are beginning to sing again), she
finds herself wishing she could make the bed once and for all: glue down the
sheets, sew on the pillows, stiffen the blankets as hard as boards and nail them

sheets, sew on the pillows, stiffen the blankets as hard as boards and nail them
into place. But then what? She cannot imagine. Something frightening. No, no,
better this trivial round, these common tasks, and a few welts on her humble sitme-down, she reasons, tucking the top sheet and blankets in neatly at the sides
and bottom, turning them down at the head just so far that their fold covers half
the pillows, than be overtaken by confusion and disorder.
“Teach me, my God and King,” she sings out hopefully, floating the spread
out over the bed, allowing it to fall evenly on all sides, “in all things thee to –”
But then, as the master steps out of the bathroom behind her, she sees the blatant
handprints on the wardrobe mirror, the streamers of her lace cap peeking out
from under the dresser, standing askew.
“I’m sorry, sir,” she says, bending over the foot of the bed, presenting to him
that broad part destined by Mother Nature for the arduous invention of souls. But
he ignores it. Instead he tears open the freshly made bed, crawls into it fully
dressed, kicking her in the face through the blankets with his shoes, pulls the
sheets over his head, and commences to snore. Perhaps, she thinks, her heart
sinking, I’d better go out and come in again . . .
Perhaps I should go for a stroll in the garden, he muses, dutifully reddening one
resonant cheek with a firm volley of slaps, then the other, according to the
manuals. I’m so old, and still . . . He sighs ruefully, recalling a dream he was
having when the maid arrived (when was that?), something about a woman,
bloody morning glories (or perhaps in the dream they were “mourning” glories:
there was also something about a Paphian grave), and a bee that flew in and
stung him on his tumor, which kept getting mixed up somehow with his humor,
such that, swollen with pain, he was laughing like a dead man . . .
“Sir?”
“What? WHAT?!” he cries, starting up. “Ah . . .” His hand is resting idly on
her flushed behind as though he meant to leave it there. “I . . . I was just testing
the heat,” he explains gruffly, taking up the birch rod, testing it for strength and
elasticity to wake his fingers up. “When I’m finished, you’ll be able to cook little
birds over it or roast chestnuts!” He raises the rod, swings it three times round
his head, and brings it down with a whirr and a slash, reciting to himself from
the manuals to keep his mind, clouded with old obscurities, on the task before
him: “Sometimes the operation is begun a little above the garter –” whish-SNAP!
“– and ascending the pearly inverted cones –” hiss-WHACK! “– is carried by
degrees to the dimpled promontories –” THWOCK! “– which are vulgarly called
the buttocks!” SMASH!
“Ow, sir! PLEASE!” She twists about on his knee, biting her lip, her highest

part flexing and quivering with each blow, her knees scissoring frantically
between his legs. “Oh, teach me,” she cries out, trying to stifle the sobs, “my
God and –” whizz-CRACK! “– King, thee – gasp! – to –” WHAP! “– SEE!”
Sometimes, especially late in the day like this, watching the weals emerge
from the blank page of her soul’s ingress like secret writing, he finds himself
searching it for something, he doesn’t know what exactly, a message of sorts, the
revelation of a mystery in the spreading flush, in the pout and quiver of her
cheeks, the repressed stutter of the little explosions of wind, the – whushSMACK! – dew-bejeweled hieroglyphs of crosshatched stripes. But no, the
futility of his labors, that’s all there is to read there. Birdsong, no longer
threatening, floats in on the warm afternoon breeze while he works.
There was a bee once, he remembers, that part of his dream was true. Only it
stung him on his hand, as though to remind him of the painful burden of his
office. For a long time after that he kept the garden doors closed altogether, until
he realized one day, spanking the maid for failing to air the bedding properly,
that he was in some wise interfering with the manuals.
And what has she done wrong today? he wonders, tracing the bloody welts
with his fingertips. He has forgotten. It doesn’t matter. He can lecture her on
those two fairies, confusion and disorder. Method and habit, rather . . .
“Sir . . . ?”
“Yes, yes, in a minute . . .” He leans against the bedpost. To live in the full
sense of the word, he reminds himself, is not to exist or subsist merely, but to . . .
to . . . He yawns. He doesn’t remember.
While examining the dismal spectacle of her throbbing sit-me-down in the
wardrobe mirror (at least the worst is past, she consoles herself, only half
believing it), a solution of sorts to that problem of genesis that’s been troubling
her occurs to her: to wit, that change (she is thinking about change now, and
conditions) is eternal, has no beginning – only conditions can begin or end. Who
knows, perhaps he has even taught her that. He has taught her so many things,
she can’t be sure any more. Everything from habitual deference and the washing
of tiffany to pillow fluffing, true service and perfect freedom, the two fairies that
make the work (speaking loosely) disappear, proper carriage, sheet folding, and
the divine government of pain.
Sometimes, late in the day, or on being awakened, he even tells her about his
dreams, which seem to be mostly about lechers and ordure and tumors and
bottomless holes (once he said “souls”). In a way it’s the worst part of her job
(that and the things she finds in the bed: today it was broken glass).
Once he told her of a dream about a bird with blood in its beak. She asked
him, in all deference, if he was afraid of the garden, whereupon he ripped her

him, in all deference, if he was afraid of the garden, whereupon he ripped her
drawers down, horsed her over a stool, and flogged her so mercilessly she
couldn’t stand up after, much less sit down. Now she merely says, “Yes, sir,” but
that doesn’t always temper the vigor of his disciplinary interventions, as he likes
to call them. Such a one for words and all that!
Tracing the radiant weals on that broad part of her so destined with her
fingertips, she wishes that just once she might hear something more like, “Well
done, thou good and faithful servant, depart in peace!”
But then what? When she returned, could it ever be the same? Would he even
want her back? No, no, she thinks with a faint shudder, lifting her flannelette
drawers up gingerly over soul’s well-ruptured ingress (she hopes more has got in
than is leaking out), the sweet breath of late afternoon blowing in to remind her
of the time lost, the work yet to be done: no, far better her appointed tasks, her
trivial round and daily act of contrition, no matter how pitiless the master’s
interpretation, than consequences so utterly unimaginable. So, inspirited by her
unquenchable appetite for hope and clear-browed devotion to duty, and running
his maxims over in her head, she sets about doing the will of God from the heart,
scouring the toilet, scrubbing the tiled floor, polishing the furniture and mirrors,
checking supplies, changing the towels. All that remains finally is the making of
the bed. But how can she do that, she worries, standing there in the afternoon
sunlight with stacks of crisp clean sheets in her arms like empty ledgers, her
virtuous resolve sapped by a gathering sense of dread as penetrating and aseptic
as ammonia, if the master won’t get out of it?
She enters, encumbered with her paraphernalia, which she deposits by the wall
near the door, crosses the room (circumspectly, precipitately, etc.), and flings
open the garden doors, smashing the glass, as though once and for all. “Teach
me, my God and King,” she remarks ruefully (such a sweet breath of amicable
violence all about!), “in all things thee to – oh! I beg your pardon, sir!”
“A . . . a dream,” he stammers, squinting in the glare. He is bound tightly in
the damp sheets, can barely move. “Something about blood and a . . . a . . . I’m
so old, and still each day –”
“Sir . . . ?”
He clears his throat. “Would you look under the bed, please, and tell me what
you see?”
“I – I’m sorry, sir,” she replies, kneeling down to look, a curious strained
expression on her face. With a scream, she disappears.
He awakes, his heart pounding. The maid is staring down at his erection as
though frightened of his righteous ardor: “Oh, I beg your pardon, sir!”
“It’s nothing . . . a dream,” he explains, rising like the pink clouds of dawn.

“It’s nothing . . . a dream,” he explains, rising like the pink clouds of dawn.
“Something about . . .” But he can no longer remember, his mind is a blank
sheet. Anyway, she is no longer listening. He can hear her moving busily about
the room, dusting furniture, sweeping the floor, changing the towels, taking a
shower. He’s standing there abandoned to the afternoon sunlight in his slippers
and pajama bottoms, which seem to have imbibed an unhealthy kind of
dampness, when a bird comes in and perches on his erection, what’s left of it.
“Ah –!”
“Oh, I beg your pardon, sir!”
“It’s – it’s nothing,” he replies hoarsely, blinking up at her, gripped still by
claws as fine as waxed threads. “A dream . . .”
But she has left him, gone off singing to her God and King. He tries to pull the
blanket back over his head (the bird, its beak opening and closing involuntarily
like spanked thighs, was brown as a chestnut, he recalls, and still smoldering),
but she returns and snatches it away, the sheets too. Sometimes she can be too
efficient. Maybe he has been pushing her too hard, expecting too much too soon.
He sits up, feeling rudely exposed (his erection dips back into his pajamas like a
frog diving for cover – indeed, it has a greenish cast to it in the half-light of the
curtained room: what? isn’t she here yet?), and lowers his feet over the side,
shuffling dutifully for his slippers. But he can’t find them. He can’t even find the
floor! He jerks back, his skin wrinkling in involuntary panic, but feels the
bottom sheet slide out from under him – “What? WHAT?!”
“Oh, I beg your pardon, sir!”
“Ah . . . it’s nothing,” he gasps, struggling to awaken, his heart pounding still
(it should be easier than this!), as, screaming, she tucks up her skirt. “A dream . .
.”
She enters, as though once and for all, circumspectly deposits her vital
paraphernalia beside the door, then crosses the room to fling open (humbly yet
authoritatively) the curtains and the garden doors: there is such a song of birds
all about! Excited by that, and by the sweet breath of late afternoon, her own
eagerness to serve, and faith in the perfectibility of her tasks, she turns with a
glad heart and tosses back the bedcovers: “Oh! I beg your pardon, sir!”
“A . . . a dream,” he mutters gruffly, his erection slipping back inside his
pajamas like an abandoned moral. “Something about glory and a pizzle – or
puzzle – and a fundamental position in the civil service . . .”
But she is no longer listening, busy now at her common round, dusting
furniture and sweeping the floor: so much to do! When (not very willingly, she
observes) he leaves the bed at last, she strips the sheets and blankets off, shaking
the dead bees into the garden, fluffs and airs the pillows, turns the mattress. She

the dead bees into the garden, fluffs and airs the pillows, turns the mattress. She
hears the master relieving himself noisily in the bathroom: yes, there’s water in
the bucket, soap too, a sponge, she’s remembered everything! Today then,
perhaps at last . . . ! Quickly she polishes the mirror, mops the floor, snaps open
the fresh sheets and makes the bed. Before she has the spread down, however, he
comes out of the bathroom, staggers across the room muttering something about
“a bloody new birth”, and crawls back into it.
“But, sir –!”
“What, what?” he yawns, and rolls over on his side, pulling the blanket over
his head. She snatches it away. He sits up, blinking, a curious strained
expression on his face.
“I – I’m sorry, sir,” she says, and, pushing her drawers down to her knees,
tucking her skirt up and bending over, she presents to him that broad part
preferred by him and Mother Nature for the invention of souls.
He retrieves the blanket and disappears under it, all but his feet, which stick
out at the bottom, still slippered. She stuffs her drawers hastily behind her apron
bib, knocks over the mop bucket, smears the mirror, throws the fresh towels in
the toilet, and jerks the blanket away again.
“I – I’m sorry, sir,” she insists, bending over and lifting her skirt: “I’m sure I
had them on when I came in . . .”
What? Is he snoring? She peers at him past what is now her highest part, that
part invaded suddenly by a dread as chilling as his chastisements are, when true
to his manuals, enflaming, and realizes with a faint shudder (she cannot hold
back the little explosions of wind) that change and condition are coeval and
everlasting: a truth as hollow as the absence of birdsong (but they are singing!) .
..
So she stands there in the open doorway, the glass doors having long since been
flung open (when was that? she cannot remember), her thighs taut and pressed
closely together, her face buried in his cast-off pajamas. She can feel against her
cheeks, her lips, the soft consoling warmth of them, so recently relinquished, can
smell in them the terror – no, the painful sadness, the divine drudgery (sweet,
like crushed flowers, dead birds) – of his dreams, Mother Nature having
provided, she knows all too well, the proper place for what God has ordained.
But there is another odor in them too, musty, faintly sour, like that of truth or
freedom, the fear of which governs every animal, thereby preventing natural
confusion and disorder. Or so he has taught her. Now, her face buried in this
pungent warmth and her heart sinking, the comforting whirr and smack of his
rod no more than a distant echo, disappearing now into the desolate throb of late
afternoon birdsong, she wonders about the manuals, his service to them and hers
to him, or to that beyond him which he has not quite named. Whence such an

to him, or to that beyond him which he has not quite named. Whence such an
appetite? – she shudders, groans, chewing helplessly on the pajamas – so little
relief?
Distantly blows are falling, something about freedom and government, but he is
strolling in the garden with a teacher he once had, discussing the condition of
humanity, which keeps getting mixed up somehow with homonymity, such that
each time his teacher issues a new lament it comes out like slapped laughter. He
is about to remark on the generous swish and snap of a morning glory that has
sprung up in their path as though inspired (“Paradox, too, has its techniques,” his
teacher is saying, “and so on . . .”), when it turns out to be a woman he once
knew on the civil surface.
“What? WHAT?!” But she only wants him to change his position, or perhaps
his condition (“You see!” remarks his teacher sagely, unbuckling his belt, “it’s
like a kind of callipygomancy, speaking loosely – am I being unfair?”), he’s not
sure, but anyway it doesn’t matter, for what she really wants is to get him out of
the sheets he’s wrapped in, turn him over (he seems to have imbibed an
unhealthy kind of dampness), and give him a lecture (she says “elixir”) on
method and fairies, two dew-bejeweled habits you can roast chestnuts over.
What more, really, does he want of her? (Perhaps his teacher asks him this,
buzzing in and out of his ear like the sweet breath of solemnity: whirr-SMACK!)
His arm is rising and falling through great elastic spaces as though striving for
something fundamental like a forgotten dream or lost drawers.
“I – I’m sorry, sir!” Is she testing him, perched there on his stout engine of
duty like a cooked bird with the lingering bucket of night in her beak (see how it
opens, closes, opens), or is it only a dimpled fever of the mind? He doesn’t
know, is almost afraid to ask.
“Something about a higher end,” he explains hoarsely, taking rueful refuge,
“or hired end perhaps, and boiled flowers, hard parts – and another thing, what’s
left of it . . .” She screams. The garden groans, quivers, starts, its groves radiant
and throbbing. His teacher, no longer threatening, has withdrawn discreetly to a
far corner with diagonal creases, where he is turning what lilacs remain into
roses with his rumpled bull’s pizzle: it’s almost an act of magic! Still his arm
rises and falls, rises and falls, that broad part of Mother Nature destined for such
inventions dancing and bobbing soft and easy under the indulgent sun: “It’s a
beautiful day!”
“What? WHAT?! An answering back to a reproof?” he inquires gratefully,
taunting her with that civility and kindness due to an inferior, as – hiss-WHAP! –
flicking lint off one shoulder and smoothing the ends of his moustache with

involuntary vertical and horizontal motions, he floats helplessly backwards
(“Thank you, sir!”), twitching amicably yet authoritatively like a damp towel,
down a bottomless hole, relieving himself noisily: “Perhaps today then . . . at
last!”

LAIR OF THE RED WITCH
O’Neil De Noux

It’s always a good day when the client shows up.
On this bright, New Orleans autumn morning, my newest client opens the
smoky-glass door of my office, peeks in and says, “Are you Mr Caye?”
“Come in.” I stand and wave her forward. Leaning my hands on my desk, I
watch Mrs Truly Fortenberry cautiously step in. A big woman, Truly has mousy
brown hair worn under one of those turban hats, the kind Ann Sheridan made
popular during the war. She wears a full brown skirt with a matching vest over a
white blouse.
A typical-looking 1948 housewife, Truly glances around my office, at my
tired sofa, at the hardwood floor in need of waxing, at the high ceiling with its
water marks. She looks at the row of windows facing Barracks Street. With the
Venetian blinds open, the oaks and magnolias of Cabrini Playground give this
section of the lower French Quarter a country feel in the middle of town.
Truly clears her throat, takes another step in and says, “I took the liberty of
bringing a friend.” Turning, she waves at the shadow I see through the smokyglass. “Uh,” Truly says, stepping aside, “this is Diane Redfearn. My friend and
neighbor.”
As the second woman steps in, Truly adds, “She wants to hire you, too.”
Diane Redfearn moves around Truly, stops and bats a pair of large brown eyes
at me. Her blonde hair up in a bun, she wears a powder blue suit dress with
sloping shoulders and a curving waistline. I had ogled a model in that same
outfit, an upcoming ’49 fashion. It was a D.H. Holmes ad in yesterday
afternoon’s Item. I like ogling fashion models. So sue me.
Diane, a long, cool blonde, makes the model in the paper look like a chubby,
over-fed boy. She follows Truly across my wide office to the matching wing
chairs in front of my desk (I bought the chairs at a furniture auction on Magazine
Street. When was that, three years ago?). Diane slinks into the chair on the left
and crosses her legs.
Truly sits in the other chair, filling the seat with her broad hips. I sit in my
high-back captain’s chair.

high-back captain’s chair.
“Any problem finding the place?” I ask as I notice the bevy of diamonds, two
rubies and an emerald dotting their fingers.
“Oh no. Your directions were perfect.” Truly blinks her deep set eyes at me
and leans forward. “I told Diane how nice you were on the phone, Mr Caye. And
since she’s in a similar position, I convinced her to come along.”
Diane bats her eyes at me.
“Lucien,” I tell them. “My first name’s Lucien.”
“Oh.” Truly leans back and digs something out of her oversized purse. She
places a five-by-seven-inch photo on my desk. “This is my husband.”
I have to stand to reach the picture.
Diane opens her purse and pulls out a photo and leans forward, uncrossing her
legs. Her breasts push nicely against the front of her dress. I smile and take the
picture. She leans back and recrosses her legs.
I catch a whiff of expensive perfume. Nice. Very nice.
Sitting back, I look at Truly’s picture first. It’s a studio shot with Truly
standing next to a mohair chair where a man sits. His hands in his lap and his
legs crossed, the man has a Boston Blackie pencil-thin moustache and a goofy
look on his wide face. His dark hair lies thick and curly on an oversized head.
We had a guy like that in our outfit back in Italy. Head too big for his helmet,
so he never wore it. Never got hurt either. Just a big jolly fella: he even came to
see me in the hospital after that damn German sniper winged me back in ’44.
Monte Cassino. But that’s another story.
Diane Redfearn’s husband is another sort completely. He’s alone in his photo,
posing as he looks to his right, a cigarette in his raised right hand. He looks like
Ronald Coleman, without the moustache, a distinguished-looking gentleman
wearing a cravat and what has to be a silk shirt. I hate cravats.
I put the photos down and pick up my fountain pen, holding my hand over my
note pad. “So, what can I do for you ladies?”
Truly clears her throat and says, “Our husbands have left us. Mine two weeks
ago. Diane’s last week.”
God, I hate domestic cases. But with the state of my bank account, I can’t
afford to be choosy.
Truly looks at me as if I’m supposed to say something. Diane’s brown eyes
remind me of a sad puppy dog.
“So, Mrs Redfearn. What can you tell me about your husband, besides he’s
blind?”
The women look at one another momentarily before Diane tells me her
husband isn’t blind.
Lord help me.

Lord help me.
Truly clears her throat again and says, “They left us after visiting the red
witch.”
It’s my turn to clear my throat.
“The red what?”
“The red witch.” Truly points to my windows. “You can see her place from
here. She’s your neighbor.”
I look out the windows for a moment before reaching over to turn on the
small, black revolving fan that sits on the corner of my desk. The air feels good
on my freshly shaved face.
“Um,” I say as intelligently as I can.
They both speak.
“She always wears red,” Truly says.
“She’s not really a witch,” Diane says.
Truly turns to her friend. “We don’t know that. She calls herself a witch.”
They both look at me and Truly says, “We want to hire you to . . .”
“Investigate this woman.” Diane completes the sentence and brushes a loose
strand of hair away from her eyes. She blows at it when it falls back, her lips
pursed in a nice red kiss. I try not to stare, but she’s hard to look away from.
Thin and buxomy and married . . . my kinda woman.
“We tried talking to the police,” Truly says. “My uncle knows someone
downtown.”
I nod as I pull my gaze from Diane’s lips.
“They sent someone to talk to the red witch’s neighbors,” Truly adds.
“But no one seems to know much about her,” Diane says.
“Except cats and dogs have disappeared.”
“Cats and dogs?” I put my pen down.
Both women nod. The strand of hair falls across Diane’s eyes again. If I could
only reach it.
I pick up my pen and ask, “When do your husbands visit her?”
“Oh,” Truly bounces in her seat. “They don’t any more. My husband’s in
Cleveland.”
I look at Diane, who tells me her husband is in Mexico.
“They moved out after visiting the red witch,” Diane explains.
“We want you to find out what she told them,” Truly says.
Diane looks down at her lap. “We want to know what happened . . .”
“When they visited this . . . sorceress.”
I stand and move to the windows and open one. A nice breeze floats in,
bringing the scent of freshly cut grass. I spot a city worker pushing a mower
across Cabrini Playground. Shiftless, his brown skin shimmers with sweat under

across Cabrini Playground. Shiftless, his brown skin shimmers with sweat under
the bright sun.
“Where does she live?”
Truly clamors over and points up Barracks Street across the corner of the
playground to a row of buildings on the lake side of Burgundy Street. Her elbow
brushing mine, her perfume isn’t the scent I’d caught earlier.
“See that second cottage from the end? The one painted yellow?”
I nod.
“That’s the place. Her cauldron.”
Cauldron? Isn’t that some sort of kettle? I don’t ask. I turn around and Diane
is standing.
Truly notices and hurries back to pick up her purse. I move back to my desk.
“There’s nothing more we can add,” Truly says as she pulls a white envelope
out of her purse and hands it to me. “If you need more money, just let me know.”
I place the envelope on the desk and shake Truly’s hand. It’s sweaty. Diane’s
hand quivers when we touch and she smiles softly before pulling it back.
She brushes the loose strand of hair from her eyes again. “You’ll let us know
as soon as you can?”
“Absolutely.” I reach for my pen and paper. “I have your number, Mrs
Fortenberry, but . . .”
“Both numbers are in the envelope,” Truly says as both women move quickly
to the door and leave without looking back. The door closes and I stretch and
yawn, then pick up the envelope. Inside, an ivory-colored sheet of paper is
wrapped around a C-note. Ben Franklin never looked as good. On the paper are
their names, and phone numbers: Fortenberry Chestnut-0719; Redfearn
Chestnut-0729. Cozy.
The electric wall clock reads ten-fifteen.
The red witch should be up, even on a Saturday.
I reach into my desk drawer and pull out my snub-nosed .38 Smith & Wesson,
slipping it into its tan leather holster on my right hip. I pick up Fortenberry’s and
Redfearn’s pictures, my pen and pad and tuck them into my tan suit coat, which
I don on my way out.
Stepping into the morning sunshine, I wait for my eyes to adjust. I never wear
hats. They mess up my hair.
The warm autumn breeze feels almost cool, flowing through my damp hair.
It’s wavy brown and in dire need of a haircut. I’m thirty, six feet tall and have
standard-issue Mediterranean brown eyes. I’m half-French and half-Spanish –
old blood, pre-American occupation blood. No aristocracy, however. Both sides
of my family have been laborers forever, even after emigrating to Louisiana long
before Washington and Jefferson started their little revolution.

Moving under the shade of the balcony, I stop next to one of the black,
wrought iron railings that support the second story balcony running the length of
the building – I rent the apartment above my office – I check my pre-war 1940
DeSoto parked against the kerb. A trail of cat prints dot the hood, reminding me
the car needs a good washing. Gray, the DeSoto provides good cover on
surveillances and hides most of the dirt, until a cat strolls across it.
I cross Barracks Street and walk next to the low brick wall, with its own black
wrought iron railing, that surrounds the playground. The lower French Quarter
has certainly seen better days, before everyone around here started speaking
harsh Yankee English.
Abutting the sidewalk, the houses across the street are connected by party
walls. Masonry plastered over brick and cypress, and painted in muted pastels,
the buildings look tired and time-worn.
Rounding the corner, I look at the row of Creole cottages lining Burgundy
Street. The second one, painted yellow, is a typical one-story brick cottage with
a roofed dormer. In red, the numbers 1233 are prominent on the left cypress post
that supports the gingerbread overhang above the small front gallery.
I take the three brick steps up to the small gallery and spot another sign, this
one hand painted in black letters next to the bright red door, SORCERESS EROS, the
sign reads, LOVE SORCERESS.
“Yeah.” I chuckle as I ring the doorbell. “Right.”
I ring it a second time and the door opens.
She puts a hand up on the door frame and says, “Yes?” Her light green eyes
stare at me so directly, it’s almost startling. Women don’t usually stare like that,
unless they’re a different sort. And she’s clearly not.
In her early twenties, she has a perfectly symmetrical face with a small,
pointed chin and cupie-doll lips, painted a deep red. Her straight hair is long and
dark brown, parted in the center. She’s a looker, all right, even if she wasn’t
wearing a tight, blood red dress and matching heels.
“Yes?” She repeats as I look back up at her big eyes.
I realize I have no game plan, so I opt for the direct approach. I pull a card
from my pocket and hand it to her. As she looks at it, I tell her I’m a neighbor,
pointing over my shoulder toward Barracks Street.
She takes a step back and, still looking at the card, asks me in. She closes the
door.
Dark, the front room is stuffy with the strong scents of incense and scented
candles – vanilla, cinnamon, lilac maybe. A line of candles sits atop a chest of
drawers to my right; two more are on the coffee table. Incense smolders in an
urn on an end table next to the maroon sofa, reminding me of high mass. I
cough.

cough.
“Oh,” she says, “it’s cooler in back.” She leads me through the front room,
down a narrow hall, past two bedrooms on the right, to a brightly lit kitchen. The
rear door is open to a small patio filled with banana trees.
She moves to a window and flips on a window fan, then pulls the chain on the
ceiling fan above the small, Formica table. She slips my card in a breast pocket
and asks if I’d like some coffee.
“Sure.” I watch her nice, round hips move away. She’s about five-three and
slim, but not skinny. Shapely slim. My kinda woman.
She turns to the stove and lights a burner beneath a white porcelain coffee pot.
Turning back, she smiles, moves up and says, “Give me your coat. You look
hot.”
I pull off my jacket and she takes it and drapes it over the back of a chair next
to the table. She points to another chair and says, “Sit down, Mr Caye.”
She sits across from me. The fan-driven breeze feels good, especially on the
perspiration collecting around my temples. Her creamy, white skin looks paler in
the bright light. She’s very pretty. I notice she isn’t sweating at all.
“So,” she says, “what can I do for you?” Her gaze is penetrating, almost
invasive.
“I never noticed your sign before. You’re new to the neighborhood, aren’t
you?”
She nods. “Moved in last month.”
I loosen my navy blue tie and unbutton the top button of my white shirt. Then
I smile and ask, “What does a sorceress do, these days?”
“Help people.”
“So a love sorceress must help people with love problems?”
“Sometimes.” She stands and moves to a cabinet next to the sink, where she
digs out two cups and saucers. “Cream or sugar?”
“Black.”
She fills our cups, puts them on the table and sits again.
I wait. It’s an old police trick. People will automatically restart a conversation
if you just wait.
“You have a love problem?” Her right eyebrow rises.
I look into those light eyes, which seem suddenly different. She looks at me in
an innocent, child-like way, the kind of look you’d see on a grade-school girl.
The atmosphere seems intoxicating again, thick, even with the air blowing over
me.
Slowly, almost imperceptibly, her head nods. She takes a sip of coffee and
says, “You’re here about someone else’s problem. Why don’t you just come out
and ask?”

and ask?”
I take a sip of the strong coffee and chicory.
“Two actually.” I put the cup down. “Fortenberry and Redfearn. Sounds a
little like a British law firm.”
“Actually Mr Fortenberry is an architect and Mr Redfearn, an industrial
engineer. But I can tell you little else about them.”
“Why not?”
“It’s confidential.”
I grin. “As I recall, the law recognizes doctor–patient, priest–penitent, lawyer–
client confidentialities. I don’t remember anything about sorceress–confessor?”
She takes another sip of coffee.
“How long were you a police officer?” She smiles again.
She’s bright. I like that.
“Seven years.” I want to ask her how old she is, but down south we just don’t
do that. She can’t be much over twenty. So I ask, “How long have you been a
sorceress?”
“Professionally? Two years.”
I take another sip. “You from around here?”
“Born and raised. Went to Sacred Heart. Where’d you go to school?”
I should have known. When someone doesn’t have a recognizable accent,
they’re usually from where you’re from.
“Holy Cross,” I tell her. Like dogs, we’ve just sniffed each other. Sacred
Heart – she’s an uptowner – upper class. Holy Cross – I’m from the lower part
of town – working class.
She pulls her hair away from her face with both hands. I like watching women
do that.
“So how did you become a sorceress? They teach it at Sacred Heart?”
She laughs lightly, then her face turns serious. She looks at the window fan
and says, “I was born a sorceress.” She turns to me with ovaled eyes. “I have a
gift, Mr Caye. I can sense feelings in people.”
And it occurs to me – I don’t know her name, but I don’t ask. I wait for her to
continue her train of thought. She doesn’t disappoint me.
“I can sense things about people. Sometimes before they do.”
She finishes her coffee and asks if I’d like another cup. I shake my head and
finish mine.
“We’re not talking about witchcraft here, are we?”
“Hardly.” She unbuttons the top button of her dress, reaches in and pulls out a
gold chain and crucifix. “I’m still a practicing Catholic.”
“Then you don’t sacrifice cats and dogs.” I watch her face carefully and the
surprise there turns into a wide smile.

surprise there turns into a wide smile.
“No. I love animals.”
“Then you don’t know why so many cats and dogs are missing in the
neighborhood?”
She picks up our cups and saucers and moves to the sink. She wipes her hands
on a red checkered dishcloth. Turning, she rests one hand along the kitchen
counter and lifts her hair off her nape with her other hand to let the fan cool her
neck. Her eyes stare at me. I almost smile, because she’s waiting now – for me
to restart the conversation.
“So what do you do, exactly?”
“People come to me with problems.” Her voice is deeper. “Sometimes, I’m
able to help them.”
“So you have the power to make people happy?”
“Sometimes I can point them in the right direction. It’s up to them.”
I wait a second before saying, “Mrs Fortenberry and Mrs Redfearn think you
seduced their husbands. Caused them to leave their wives.”
Her eyes still look innocent as she shakes her head. She lets her hair fall.
The doorbell rings.
“Sounds like my eleven o’clock appointment is early.”
She starts for the door and I scoop up my coat and follow her back through the
house, back into the insufferable front room. When she turns back to me and
looks up with those soft eyes, I apologize.
“I put you on the spot and you didn’t throw me out. Thanks.”
She turns to open the door and I have another question.
“What’s your name?”
“Maggie. Maggie LeRoux.”
Nice French name.
She opens the door to a young man with wavy brown hair and glasses. He
wears a tweed suit and looks soft, almost effeminate as he stands there
awkwardly.
“Come in, Thomas,” Maggie says with a warm smile.
Thomas extends a hand for me to shake and says, “And you are?”
I tell him my name as we shake hands. His hand is clammy and limp.
I resist wiping my hand on my pants after he pulls his hand away.
“And what do you do?” Thomas asks, his eyes suddenly intense.
“Detective.”
“Oh, my.” He smiles and there’s something familiar about his face. “I’m a
playwright.” He turns to Maggie and says he’s ready. She ushers him in.
I step out, toss my coat over my shoulder and walk away.
I don’t go home. I turn right and walk up Burgundy, past more Creole cottages

I don’t go home. I turn right and walk up Burgundy, past more Creole cottages
and multistory townhouses, passing beneath more lacework balconies.
An early lunch at the Napoleon House sounds like a good idea to me.
Starting my canvass at the corner of Governor Nicholls and Burgundy, I find no
one in the first few houses who know anything of the woman in the yellow
house down the block.
Four doors from Maggie’s cottage, the door is open on another cottage, this
one painted a pale blue. I knock on the screen door and a woman’s voice
answers, “Hello?”
I knock again.
A slim woman with her hair in a bun steps into the front room. She wears a
casual off-white dress and has a mop in her hand.
“I’m not buying anything today,” she tells me.
“I’m not selling anything.”
She huffs and leans on the mop handle. “Then what do you want?”
“I’m a detective. I’d like to ask you a couple of questions.”
She moves forward and I see she’s not a bad looking woman at all. No makeup on her face and a little perspired from housework, she’s not bad at all.
“It’s not about that woman again, is it?”
I turn toward Maggie’s house and smile slightly. “Woman?”
“The red witch.”
“Actually, it is.”
“Well, come on in.”
We talk in her living room. Me on a green easy chair. She on the matching
sofa. The room smells of old cigarette smoke. The ashtray on the end table next
to me has a gray line of ashes still in it. Her name is Agnes English and no, her
husband hasn’t left her. He’s at work at Hibernia Bank. No, she’s never even
seen Maggie, but her cat’s been missing for two weeks.
“A yellow tabby. Maybe you’ve seen her. Name is Judy and she’s such a
love.”
“Just disappeared?”
Agnes nods and tears well in her eyes.
A half hour later, I’m knocking on another screen door, this one on the house
next to Maggie’s. Another woman with a mop moves into the front room,
squints at me and asks what I want.
As soon as I tell her I’m a detective, she shushes me and moves quickly to the
screen door.
“Keep your voice down,” she says as she unlatches the door and lets me in.
In a light-weight sky blue blouse and short white shorts, she’s a sight with her

In a light-weight sky blue blouse and short white shorts, she’s a sight with her
long strawberry-blonde hair pinned with two barrettes. She leads me through the
front room, which smells faintly of pine oil, back to a bright kitchen. I can make
out her visible panty line along her ass as she moves in front of me. I like that in
a woman.
“Coffee, officer?” she asks. Her eyes are the same color as her blouse.
“Sure.”
I watch her bend over for the grounds and flutter back to the sink to fill the
percolator.
“I’m Lola Kinks.” She plugs in the percolator. She’s suddenly self-conscious,
standing with the strong sunlight behind her and the way I’m leering at the front
of her shorts and the dark patch between her legs.
She moves to the small wooden table, sits and crosses her legs.
I sit across from her as the blush slowly fades from her pretty face.
As soon as Lola tells me she’s a widow, something inside stirs, something
down south. I readjust myself as I sit.
When she mentions Okinawa, the stirring fades.
“My husband was killed in the last day of battle. Sniper.”
She’s a war widow. Dammit. I hate moving in on war widows. Like most
surviving veterans, I feel a little guilty that I lived. It just seems slimy to ease in
on a war widow, even three years after Hiroshima.
As the coffee perks, Lola tells me how she’d married her high school
sweetheart, spent a whirlwind honeymoon in Mexico, then sent him off to the
Pacific. He fought at Eniwetok and Saipan before Okinawa.
Damn, he’d seen some of the heaviest action.
When the coffee’s ready, she fixes us some and I try not to leer at her,
although I do steal another peek at her ass as she’s pouring cream in her cup.
“Didn’t mean to get off the subject,” she says as we start in on our coffee. “I
guess you’re here about the red witch again, aren’t you?”
“Why do you call her that?”
“Ever see her? She’s spooky and with that sorceress sign. Who knows what
she’s up to next door.”
I take out my note book. “Ever see anything unusual?”
“All the time.”
Lola tells me about moaning and wild laughter, about boogie-woogie music,
about strange smells, about hearing incantations and voices whispering harshly
late at night.
“Smells?”
“Not cooking smells. But like in church. Incense and other strange odors.”
She goes on but tells me nothing new.

She goes on but tells me nothing new.
I remind myself how good detective work is done in details, not broad strokes.
But these details are redundant. I close my note book and thank the widow
Kinks.
As she leads me out I ask if she’s heard of any missing animals.
“My dog ran away the same week the witch moved in. Dug a hole under the
fence and I haven’t seen him since.”
A black lab, he answers to the name Nigger.
Jesus, lady!
She shakes my hand and gives my hand a gentle squeeze. And there’s
something there, for a moment, in those sky blue eyes. But she blinks and looks
away and it’s gone.
“She’s a flirt, you know.”
“Really?” I act surprised.
“She flirts with my fiancé.”
Fiancé? Did she say fiancé?
“In the backyard last Saturday. I saw her smiling at him and her in a silk robe
with God knows what underneath.”
A war widow with a fiancé. If there’s one thing a man like me knows, a
woman with a fiancé is as approachable as a nun. Women with fiancés are newly
in love. Bored housewives are more my style.
It takes a few more minutes, but I manage to escape from the widow Kinks’
house and those pretty blue eyes.
The electric clock on my bedroom wall shows it’s almost midnight.
I sit in my easy chair, just inside my balcony’s French doors, as a light rain
wets the Quarter. A cool breeze floats in through the partially opened doors.
With the porch light on outside Maggie’s, I can see the red door clearly. I raise
my glass of Johnnie Walker Red and compliment whoever laid out Cabrini
Playground. The trees are interspersed perfectly to give me a clear view of
Maggie’s.
A dull light flickers in her front room. Candles, probably, but I haven’t seen
the red witch since I got back – unless I close my eyes.
Maybe it’s the smoky scotch or maybe she put a spell on me, but when I close
my eyes, I see those hips moving lithely, like a cat, beneath that tight dress. I see
those ovaled, green eyes staring back at me. The cupie-doll lips, pursed as they
come in close for a kiss, touch my lips and . . .
I down the scotch and yawn.
Tomorrow, I tell myself. I think it’s time I become a client of the red witch.
What have I got to lose?
That night I dream, but not about Maggie’s lips. I’m back in Italy, crouched

That night I dream, but not about Maggie’s lips. I’m back in Italy, crouched
on a dusty hill, a German machine gun strafing around me. The rat-tat-tat of the
automatic rifle burps and the ground shakes and I stand up. No. Yes! I stand up,
take careful aim at the German helmet behind the machine gun and squeeze the
trigger of my M-1.
A stream of banana pudding gushes from my rifle and I know if I can cover
the bastard with enough banana pudding, he’ll drown. Only I run out of banana
pudding. So I race down to the Italian fruit peddler at the bottom of the hill and
ask him to hurry with the bananas.
I point up the hill and tell him the Germans are dug in and need to be
drowned. He shakes his head and tells me not to worry. He points overhead at a
formation of heavy bombers.
We move to the side of the hill and watch the bombers destroy the Sixth
Century Benedictine Monastery atop Monte Cassino. Germans were using the
monastery to spot for their field artillery. The bombers reduce the ancient citadel
to rubble, which only provides better cover for the crack troops of the First
Panzer Division who’ve kept us at bay for weeks.
I try to explain to the fruit peddler that the Germans up our small hill have
machine guns and we need banana pudding right away. He calls me pazzo
Americano – crazy American. I run off in search of another fruit peddler.
Only, when I turn around I’m back at Anzio beach where hellfire rains down
on us from long range German artillery. You know, the guns of Krupp. A
dogface next to me in the foxhole turns and shouts, “Pray! Pray to God for
help!”
I start praying and he grabs my arm.
“But tell him not to send Jesus. This is no place for kids!”
A shell blows up next to us and I wake up.
Rain slams against the balcony doors. I roll over and try to force myself to
dream of the cupie-doll lips.
Thankfully, I don’t dream at all.
Maggie answers the door wearing a flowered sarong skirt and a red blouse with
black piping. She’s barefoot, a coffee cup in her hand. I raise the brown bag in
my hand. She smiles and her lips are candy-apple red this morning.
“Beignets,” I tell her. “From Morning Call.”
She leads me back through the house, through the smoldering incense and
candles to the kitchen where both fans are already blowing. As she pours me a
cup, I pile the half dozen beignets on a saucer and place them in the center of the
Formica table.
In a short sleeved white shirt and dungarees, I’m casual today. I even wear

In a short sleeved white shirt and dungarees, I’m casual today. I even wear
tennis shoes.
She sits across from me, picks up a beignet and takes a dainty bite of the
French pastry – powdered sugar sprinkled on square donuts without holes. I pick
up a beignet and tell her, “I came as a customer today.”
She smiles. “I figured that would be your next move.”
“I have problems,” I tell her. Only I can’t help the wicked grin from crossing
my lips.
“I know,” she says seriously.
A half hour and two cups of coffee later, I’m in the living room, reclined on
the maroon sofa with candles burning around me and incense smoking up the
place. Maggie moves next to me and rubs a potion on my forehead and the back
of my hands. It’s cool and smells like overripe bananas.
She moves to the chest-of-drawers and lights two large green candles, then
comes back and sits on the coffee table, crossing her legs, closing the sarong that
gave me a quick look at her pale thighs.
“Close your eyes,” she says softly.
I go along. The air becomes stuffier and I smell something else. The green
candles. Musty, they smell like mud. No, they smell like an old shoe left out in
the rain.
“Tell me your most pressing problem.” Her voice sounds distant, but I open
my eye and she hasn’t moved.
“I dream about the war a lot.” My eyelids close by themselves. I try to force
them open, but they’re too heavy. I drift.
I can hear her breathing close to me now. Her breath brushes my cheek.
“That isn’t your problem,” she says and I feel her rub lotion on my forehead
again. She takes my hands in hers and rubs my knuckles. It takes a moment for
me to realize she’s humming softly. A sweet tune, her voice is soothing. And I
drift again, further and further. I’m carried on her voice and feel as if I’m
floating.
“So,” she says when I open my eyes. “Feel better?”
I sit up and stretch. I feel much better, rested, as if I’ve slept for hours. I look
at my watch and it’s been less than an hour. Sitting up, I realize I’ve a raging
hard-on. Glad my pants are baggy.
She stands and moves to the green candles and blows them out.
“Come back to the kitchen,” she says. I follow the easy movement of her hips
beneath the sarong to the well-lit kitchen where she pours us each a fresh cup of
Java.
As I take a sip, she says, “Your dreaming about the war is your way of
working it out. Your dreams will become less violent. They have already, over

working it out. Your dreams will become less violent. They have already, over
the last year, haven’t they?”
The rich coffee and chicory warms me. I’m cold and can’t understand why.
“The war isn’t your problem.”
“What is?” I ask, half jokingly.
“Sex.”
The big eyes look innocently at me.
Sex, huh? I gotta admit, she knows how to keep it interesting.
“You want sex.”
“What, now?” I laugh.
“Always.” She’s serious.
I take another sip and lean back in the chair.
“What red blooded American boy doesn’t want sex all the time? I’m an excop, and ex-GI. I’m French and Spanish. I’ve got hormones coming out of my
ears.”
She shakes her head, pulls her hair back with one hand as she takes a drink of
coffee. She puts the cup down and I smell her perfume for the first time. Less
sweet than Diane Redfearn’s, it’s nice and subtle.
“I’ve never met a man with as powerful a sex drive as you.” She says it so
seriously, I can’t laugh, although I want to.
“You want sex now with me and you want sex with your clients.” She props
her elbows up on the table. “You want sex with just about every woman you see.
The attractive ones, anyway.”
“What’s abnormal about that?”
“Your sex drive is super-potent. Insatiable. You want mind-numbing sex.”
She says it matter-of-factly, as if she just told me I wanted to be a fireman when
I grow up.
I laugh aloud. And I wonder where she’s going with this. She’s right about
one thing. I’d love to screw her – right now. On the kitchen table. Jesus! Maybe
I am insatiable. I shake the thought away.
“Your sex drive is quite similar to a male cat’s.”
She catches me with my cup to my lips. I cough and spill coffee on the table.
She reaches back, pulls a towel off the counter and tosses it to me. I shake my
head as I wipe up the spill.
Me – a tom cat?
“That’s right,” I tell her. “You’re good with animals, too. You tell this stuff to
the tom cats in the neighborhood?”
She takes a drink of coffee.
“What’d you do, liberate all the cats and dogs in the neighborhood?” I say,
facetiously as I raise my cup again.

facetiously as I raise my cup again.
“I freed them. I felt their desires, the inner dreams and set them free. They ran
away. Just like your clients’ husbands.” She gives me that big-eyed, innocent
look again.
I put the cup down. “Wait.” I raise an index finger. “Let me get this straight.
Fortenberry and Redfearn went through what I just went through and you told
them their secret desires and they left their wives?”
She nods and finishes her coffee.
“It took several sessions,” she says as she stands and puts her cup in the sink.
“What did you tell them? What are they looking for? Other women?”
She puts her hands on the table and leans toward me. “That’s confidential.”
The doorbell rings.
“I have an appointment. Thanks for the beignets.” She shakes her head. “And
the interesting walk through your psyche.”
I’m dismissed, I guess. She leaves and I follow her down the hall. She turns
into a bedroom. I stop outside just as she comes out brushing her long hair.
“How much do I owe you?”
“Five dollars.”
I pull a fin out and follow her into the front room. She moves to the door and
lets in a middle-aged woman in a cardigan suit. No I don’t want to immediately
fuck her new client! Although, I must admit, the woman has a nice, shy smile
and her full lips look . . .
A picture of Thomas the playwright in the afternoon’s Item catches my attention
as I wait in my office for my clients.
No wonder his face was familiar. He’s Tennessee Williams, author of A
Streetcar Named Desire, the play that’s got Broadway sizzling. Seems he just
won the Pulitzer Prize. Maggie’s got some clientele.
My office door opens and Truly Fortenberry leads the way in. In another full
dress, green this time, she wears a floppy hat with a pink carnation. Diane
Redfearn wears a slim-fitting, yellow dress. Her hair in a bun, she wears no hat.
They sit in the same chairs, Diane crossing her long legs.
Freshly shaved, I have on my best blue suit, a starched white shirt and powder
blue tie. Women have told me blue goes well with my dark complexion. With
the windows open and the ceiling fans on high, the room feels almost cool.
“I’m not sure what to make of this,” I start. “So I’ll just tell you straight. The
red witch is more like a hypnotist. She claims to be able to discover people’s
inner desires and frees them.”
“Frees them?” Truly leans forward.
“She claims that’s why all the cats and dogs have left the neighborhood. She

“She claims that’s why all the cats and dogs have left the neighborhood. She
freed them.”
Truly bats her confused eyes at me. Diane looks down at the purse in her lap.
“I don’t think she had sex with your husbands.”
Truly looks even more confused. Diane lets out a long sigh.
“Mrs Redfearn, what did your husband tell you when he left?”
She looks up and shakes her head.
“Did he tell you he was going to sail around the world or something like
that?”
She shakes her head again and looks at the windows. Her chest rises as she
takes in a deep breath. “He said he was going to Mexico to find a lost city and
that he wants a divorce.”
I turn to Truly who clears her throat and digs a handkerchief from her purse.
“Mine told me he was tired of living with me, tired of being married and
wants to live in Cleveland.” Her eyes glisten and she has that look on her face.
I’ve seen it before, the look of desertion, the look of betrayal, the look of an
abandoned lover. It’s not a pretty sight, especially on Truly Fortenberry’s puffy
face.
“Why?” she moans. “Why would he leave me for . . . Cleveland?”
Diane stands and wraps an arm around her friend.
I wait as Truly cries. What the hell can I tell her? Who, in his right mind,
would leave New Orleans for Cleveland? The obvious answer was whoever was
married to Truly. I don’t say that, but I can’t help thinking it. And I wonder if
she thinks it too. It’s an unwritten law of nature. Unattractive people know
they’re unattractive.
God, I feel terrible. Really. I know I’m superficial when it comes to women,
but I wish there was something I could do for Truly Fortenberry. But I’m no
wizard. And I’m sure, if she visited the red witch, Maggie would discover
Truly’s inner desire was to be married to Mr Fortenberry.
I look out the window as a mockingbird lands on the wrought iron part of the
playground fence across the street. Immediately it goes through its long litany of
calls – bouncing, ruffling its gray and white feathers. A male probably,
advertising its voice to passing females.
Finally, Truly stops crying and fixes her face. She stands and thanks me. I tell
them I’ll try to find out more about the red witch, if I can. Diane says it won’t be
necessary as I shake her soft hand. For a moment there’s some eye contact
between us, but I can’t read it.
They leave me with a good whiff of Diane’s strong perfume.
As I said – nice. Very nice.
The rain started an hour ago; and as I sit in the easy chair behind my closed

The rain started an hour ago; and as I sit in the easy chair behind my closed
balcony doors, windblown rain washes across the balcony in waves. It’s so dark
outside, it looks as if the rain has put out the yellow electric streetlights.
The bathroom light is still on behind me, so I know the electricity hasn’t gone
out. Leaning back in the chair with my tie loosened and an untouched glass of
scotch in my left hand, I watch the rain. The nearly full bottle of Johnnie Walker
Red lies next to my foot. In case I need a quick refill.
The persistent drum of the shower has me drowsy. Leaning back, I close my
eyes and envision the cupie-doll lips in candy apple red, pursed in a sweet kiss. I
see those hips moving away from me, lithely, in a smooth feline movement. I see
her legs crossed in the sarong. I watch her uncross them slowly. The sarong falls
open and the front of her sheer white panties comes into view. I see the dark mat
of her pubic hair through the panties.
I hear her humming again, her voice echoing in my mind. The tune fades, then
rises again. I try to open my eyes, but my eyelids are so heavy, I can only crack
them. I try harder. Then I feel her fingers on my chin. Softly, she traces her
fingertips down my throat, then back up to my chin.
I’m on her sofa and strain to open my eyes. I think I see her face above me but
it fades and her fingers leave my throat. The humming is to my right, hovering
above me. Turning my head, I try to look, but everything’s hazy.
I feel myself fall into a deep well.
It’s so hot I can barely breathe.
I have to open my eyes. Concentrating, focusing all my strength, I pull myself
back.
The humming returns, still above me and to my right.
I force my eyelids to open but no matter how hard I try, I only manage to
crack them. The darkness fades slowly and I see her, swaying next to me, her
hands clasped behind her head. Her eyes are still closed.
Her hands move down the back of her neck and around to her throat. And
slowly she unbuttons her blouse, pulls it out of the top of her sarong and drops it
on the coffee table behind her.
She reaches back and unfastens her white brassiere and I strain to focus my
eyes on her round breasts. Her pink nipples are pointed as she continues
swaying. She reaches to the knot on the side of her sarong. She drops the sarong
atop her blouse and bra.
I crane my neck more to the right. Her white panties are sheer enough to
reveal her dark triangle of pubic hair. She turns her back to me, her hips still
moving slowly to her humming. She pulls off her panties, her nice round ass not
three feet from my face.
She turns back and continues her rhythmic gyrations. I stare at this naked

She turns back and continues her rhythmic gyrations. I stare at this naked
vision, my gaze roaming from her pubic hair up to her breasts up to her lovely
face. She leans forward, her breasts falling toward me. Moving from side to side,
she rocks her breasts above me like a pendulum.
I want to touch them but my hands won’t move.
Her eyes open now, she pulls back and steps closer to the sofa. Still swaying,
she presses her bush forward and her silky pubic hair brushes the side of my
face, back and forth, back and forth, ever so lightly.
She takes a step back and goes down on her knees. Her face moves forward
and her lips touch my cheek. It takes a few moments to realize she’s kissing me.
Her lips move to mine. Her kiss is so soft I can barely feel it. But she presses
harder and I try to kiss her back, but my lips won’t respond. Her tongue slips
into my mouth and she kisses me deeply.
Pulling back, she stands and I feel my hand rising. She’s lifting it. She rubs
my open palm along the side of her leg, then around to her ass. I feel her crack
but can’t get my hand to squeeze in response.
Maggie moves my hand around to her bush. She opens her feet and slips my
hand between her legs. She rubs my fingers along her inner thighs, then turns my
hand palm up. My fingers press against her pussy and she moves her hips back
and forth on my hand. My middle finger slips into the folds of her pussy, into the
hot wetness.
The humming is replaced by heavy breathing. Holding my arm with her left
hand, maneuvering my hand with her right, she fucks herself with my finger. My
thumb massages her clit as my middle finger works inside. Am I moving my
fingers or is she?
Maggie gasps. Her gyrations increase, the weight of her body pressing harder
against my hand. Waves of pleasure cross her face. She throws her head back
and cries out and I feel her climax on my hand in deep spasms.
Gasping, Maggie collapses next to me. I see her reach up and close my
eyelids. She speaks in a distant voice.
She tells me I will remember nothing.
And I fall into that well again.
There’s something else, something suddenly cool on my hand, the hand that
fucked Maggie. It’s a face rag. She’s wiping my hand before she wakes me.
My eyes snap open as a rush of wind and rain rattles the French doors.
Jesus! What a dream.
Wait. It didn’t feel like a dream. It felt more like a memory. In that hour I was
on Maggie’s sofa, is this what happened? Did that little woman take advantage
of me? Use me?
I reach down to straighten my swollen dick. Leaning forward, I look at the

I reach down to straighten my swollen dick. Leaning forward, I look at the
darkness of Cabrini Playground. She’s so close I can almost feel her.
Maybe, when the rain lets up, I’ll creep over, like an alley cat.
Maybe, just maybe, she wants me to slink over to her.
Telling me all that about my sex drive. Maybe that’s what she wants. At
thirty, I should know women by now; but the older I get the less I seem to know.
My doorbell rings and I almost kick over the scotch bottle.
I swallow my drink in one gulp. It burns my throat and warms my belly. I put
the empty glass on the coffee table on my way through the living room. The
doorbell rings again as I step out the door to the landing. I look down the stairs
and see a shadow outside the building’s pebbled-glass front door, which is
locked at night.
As I descend the stairs the shadow moves slightly; and I see it’s a woman. I
hurry to pull open the door. It takes me a second to recognize her with her long
hair dripping wet around her pretty face. Her hair looks darker wet.
Diane Redfearn pulls her hair back with both hands, steps into the doorway
and cranes her neck to the side. Her lips pursed, she leans toward mine and we
kiss in the doorway. Softly, she presses her rain-washed lips against mine. Her
lips part and her tongue probes for mine.
We French kiss in the doorway, my arms pulling her close, her drenched coat
soaking me. The heat of our kiss and the cool water against my skin is
electrifying. I feel her arms around me.
A rush of wind and rain blows over us and Diane pulls her mouth away, takes
my hand and leads me up the stairs and into the open door of my apartment.
“I’d noticed,” she says softly, “your name next to apartment number 202 on
the ringer outside the first time we came. I almost rang it, but Truly said your
office was downstairs.”
I close the door and she turns and pulls off her dark blue coat, dropping it next
to the sofa.
She wears the same yellow dress. It clings to her damp body. She reaches
back and unbuttons it, pulling it off her shoulders. Her lacy white bra is sheer,
revealing nice, round nipples. I pull off my tie and unbutton my shirt.
Her velvet brown eyes watch my eyes carefully as she steps out of her dress
and drops her half-slip.
My shirt tossed aside, I drop my pants and step forward as she starts to
unfasten her stockings.
“Let me,” I say as I go down on my knees in front of her. I unhook her right
stocking from her garter belt and work the stocking down her long, cool leg.
Tracing my fingers up her left leg, I unhook the second stocking, my fingers
following it down her leg. She drops her bra on my head.

following it down her leg. She drops her bra on my head.
My face is inches from the front of her panties. I reach up and unfasten her
garter belt, dropping it next to the stockings. My fingers rise along the back of
her legs, across her ass to the top of her panties. I pull them down slowly, my
gaze never leaving her crotch. Her mat of dark blonde pubic hair is damp. I lean
forward and kiss it.
She gasps as she reaches down and pulls me up by the ears. Her bra falls off
my head.
It’s her turn now. She goes to her knees and runs her fingernails along the
back of my legs. She pulls my shorts off and kisses the tip of my swollen dick.
She kisses her way down my dick to my balls and kisses her way back up.
Her tongue flicks the tip of my dick, which throbs in response. Her mouth
opens and slides over my dick. She sucks for a second and then works her head
up and down, her tongue rubbing my dick.
I pull her up, shove my tongue into her mouth and feel the length of her hot
body against mine. I scoop her up in my arms and carry her into the bedroom,
without losing a stroke of our French kiss.
I lay her on the bed and stand over her. God, she’s gorgeous naked.
Unbefuckinlievable! Her breasts, even as she lies on her back, rise firm and full.
Her round nipples are erect. She opens her legs and I climb atop this beautiful
woman. I kiss my way down from her lips to her breasts, sucking each nipple,
nibbling each before kissing my way to her flat stomach and down past her bush
to her soft, inner thighs.
She raises her knees, her legs wide and her gorgeous, pink pussy is open in
front of my face. I kiss each side and kiss her soft, silky pubic hair. My tongue
flicks across her clit. She lets out a little cry. I press my tongue against her clit
and rub it up and down and up and down and up and down.
She grinds her hips against my tongue. I reach around her legs and grab her
breasts. I knead them as I continue tonguing her clit. She moans and gasps and
cries out. She shoves her hips against me and bounces and grinds and I keep on
licking until, with a jolt, her hips lift from the bed and she comes in a deep
climax, her thighs squeezing against my ears until they ache.
I keep licking.
I lick as she gyrates, as her hips dig for the pleasure. I lick until her legs fall
open and she pulls me up to her eager mouth. I feel her hand reach down to
guide my dick into her wet pussy. It takes my thick dick a few seconds to work
its way in. She gasps and puffs as she tries to catch her breath.
I moan as I start grinding my dick in her hot pussy. The muscles in her pussy
pull in response. Jesus! And I fuck her in long, deep strokes, in and out and in
and out, back and forth, riding her until I feel it coming. I stop. She pulls at me,

and out, back and forth, riding her until I feel it coming. I stop. She pulls at me,
works her pussy around my dick, but I hold still. When it subsides, I go back to
the screwing. I keep this up for as long as I can, holding it back at the last
moment, until I can hold it no more and I gush in her in long, deep spurts.
Rolling off, I scoop her in my arm and she kisses my face and snuggles
against me. It takes a while for my breathing to return to normal. Pressed against
me, she raises a hand and gently rubs my belly. Her fingers eventually work their
way to my pubic hair.
“You sure your husband isn’t blind?”
Smiling now, she tickles my dick with her fingernails.
“Then he’s just stupid, right?”
She strokes my dick. I’m not ready, but my dick, which has a mind of its own,
gets hard between her fingers. She climbs on me, straddles me and rubs her
pussy against my dick.
I reach up and grab her breasts, squeeze them and crane my neck up to suck
each nipple, to nibble each, as she rubs her pussy up and down the length of my
hardening dick. She reaches down and guides the tip of my dick into her and
rides me like I’m a fuckin’ horse.
“Come on,” she gasps. “Fuck me. Fuck me! Fuck me!”
I want to tell her that’s what the fuck I’m doing, but why spoil the mood?
Instead I watch this gorgeous blonde bounce on my dick.
The second time always takes longer and I savor the good fuck.
She comes again, bucking against me, just before I come. Her pretty face
reaches for the pleasure. Man, there’s nothing to compare to this – fucking a
beautiful woman and seeing all the pleasure I’m giving her.
Diane rolls off me and lies panting on her back.
I get up immediately and crack open the French doors, using the bottle of
scotch to keep it from opening too far. The rush of cool air is invigorating. I
climb back into bed and lie on my belly next to Diane.
Her eyes closed, she breathes softly and I begin to drift.
Later, she rolls over and wakes me. I go to the bathroom and on my way back,
I fetch my glass from the living room. I refill the glass, reposition the scotch
bottle against the French doors. The rain has stopped.
The lair of the red witch is completely dark and looks ghostly, its yellow paint
pale beneath the amber streetlights. Sipping the scotch, I stare at the house for a
while, then turn to watch Diane sleep. On her back, her legs open, she’s a vision
in the soft light.
Finishing my drink, I go back out into the living room to make sure my front
door’s locked. When I turn around, Diane’s in the bedroom doorway, her hands
high on the door frame as if she’s blocking me from going back in the bedroom

high on the door frame as if she’s blocking me from going back in the bedroom
with a naked body from a school boy’s wet dream. With her arms raised, her full
breasts look even fuller.
My dick stirs.
She smiles wickedly and moves to me. I meet her halfway and she pushes me
back on the sofa.
“No, sit up,” she tells me as she kneels in front of me. She opens my knees
and kisses her way up to my semi-hard dick. She licks it, kisses it, brushes it
with her teeth, sucks it. Her head rising and falling, she sucks until I’m nice and
stiff.
Standing, she climbs on me, her hands on my shoulders, those luscious breasts
in my face. Her pussy rubs against my dick and Diane slowly positions herself
until she impales herself on my dick. She sinks on me and I feel those pussy
muscles grab my dick.
She starts a slow, grinding fuck. I cradle her ass in my hands. My mouth
moves again from nipple to nipple, sucking each as this woman fucks me, rides
me, bucks me. It is so delicious, so hot and wet and I finally come after such a
long time, I feel I’m about to pass out.
By the time we get to fifths, I’m shooting blanks, but it’s just as good.
Frying eggs and bacon the next morning, I make sure the bacon doesn’t splatter.
I’m still naked. My sofa is dotted with wet spots and my bed’s a wreck and
Diane is long gone.
She didn’t even leave a note, the hussy.
My kinda woman.
I pour myself a thick cup of coffee and chicory and take a deep sip. Hot and
strong – I need it. I’m wasted. I feel like I’ve been on Anzio beach for a week,
until I move and my balls remind me of all the pleasure and I smile.
An hour later, after a shave and a long shower, I walk out of my building into
the bright sunshine. I pull on a pair of aviator’s sunglasses and yawn. The warm
air smells musty as it always does in the old quarter after a long rain. The ancient
mortar and bricks and cypress absorb the rain and seems to remain perpetually
damp.
I wear a blue shirt today and dress gray pants with my new black Florsheims.
No hat, of course. Moving up Barracks I cross over to the playground side and
make my way up to Burgundy to the red door of Maggie, the Love Sorceress.
To my surprise, it’s open.
I knock and peek in. The sofa’s missing and a chest-of-drawers and an end
table are against the far side of the room. No lit candles, the room is bright with
the curtains open.
“Good,” Maggie calls out from a back room.“You made good time.”

“Good,” Maggie calls out from a back room.“You made good time.”
She steps into the front room, blinks at me and giggles. “I thought you were
the movers.”
In a pink T-shirt and red shorts, her hair in a pony tail, she looks like a high
schooler – a damn good looking high schooler. The cupie-doll lips are a deep
scarlet today.
I hold up the palms of my hands and ask what’s going on.
“I never stay more than a month or two in one place.” She folds her arms
across her chest and looks around me, not at me.
“What?”
“I’m moving to Mid-City. I’ll send you the address, although you don’t need
me any more. Even when you get horny again.” She says it matter-of-factly,
without feeling, as if I’m not there. She taps her fingers on her arms.
“I don’t understand.”
“I like moving to new places,” she says quickly, takes in a deep breath, then
stops tapping her fingers. She looks right at me and says, “Diane Redfearn came
to you last night, didn’t she?”
My mouth opens, but I say nothing.
“I thought she might.”
And it comes to me. “She came to see you.”
Maggie nods.
“You sent her to me?”
“She sent herself.”
“Her deepest desire?”
She looks down and shrugs.
“Wait. You mean to tell me she came to me for ‘mind-numbing sex’ at your
suggestion?”
Maggie takes in a deep breath and looks up, focusing those large green eyes at
me.
“You have a right to know, I suppose.”
“Yeah.”
“She didn’t go to you for ‘mind-numbing sex’.”
“Then what for?”
“A child,” she says.
And I can hear my heart beating as I stand in the doorway. It sounds like
thunder.

THE BANISHING
Mark Ramsden

ONE
“Good-looking wealthy couple, both bi, seek female slave to join happy open
marriage on a trial basis. London House with dungeon, country cottage and
regular first-class travel for successful applicant. Interests include all known
forms of S&M, water sports, anal worship. Both partners switch and are
willing to experiment. Limits always respected but candidates willing to push
through pain barriers will be rewarded beyond their wildest dreams.”
“Did we miss anything out?” said Amanda Wood, a Junoesque brunette whose
close-cropped hairstyle highlighted her beguiling green eyes and full lips.
“Not much,” said John, who was anything but beautiful, with his craggy face
and hair shaved almost to the bone. There were some intriguing scars marking
his bullet-shaped head but it was his cold blue eyes which most people
remembered, sometimes before shaking their heads to banish the memory. He
seemed to have seen too much for his own peace of mind and that was often as
much as people needed to know.
“You make us sound like a couple of perverts, if you ask me,” he said, almost
smiling for once. “And it doesn’t really say what we look like.”
“Don’t want to frighten anyone off,” said Amanda. “Do we?”
John looked at his long-standing partner, the person he sometimes called the
love of his life and sometimes called all the names under the sun. He scowled
and narrowed his eyes but she had known him too long to be troubled by his
fierce expression. She poked the tip of her tongue out of her mouth and smiled.
His face didn’t soften but he was nonetheless thankful that he could still feel his
cold heart melt.

cold heart melt.
From the erotic journal of John and Amanda:
What Amanda Wood thinks John Palmer looks like
It doesn’t matter. Standard bloke, I suppose, but taller than most. He has all
his hair but shaves it brutally anyway. His face is full of character – piercing
eyes and full lips that always seem ready to twitch into a sardonic smile. The
point of him is power. Life force. Zest. Vigour. A certain devil-may-care
insouciance. And humour, although he is so deadpan you can hardly tell when
he’s joking. Always that steely glint in his eye. Who cares if he’s no pin-up?
Attraction is all about chemicals and the way you think their personality might
complement yours. And knowing that he looks after himself and that he could
look after me, if necessary. I don’t want a hurt little boy looking for reassurance,
I want a man. And I’ve got one.
I wanted him to fuck me, the first time I saw him in action in the gym. He was
obviously more interested in getting fit than preening himself in front of the
mirror. He had solid muscle but he wasn’t ripped or cut like the bum-boys who
usually feature in any magazine article about fitness centres.
It doesn’t take very long for any S&M enthusiast to talk about bums and we
might as well discuss John’s as it’s just about perfect. It’s tight and taut, no hair.
His face is rugged, to put it mildly, but I prefer that to your average oliveskinned Adonis.
He trains to win, whether it’s running, chess or tiddlywinks. There’s a cruel
streak in there, too, but that’s fine by me. I don’t want a house-trained moggy
with fleas and no claws. I want a lion. Someone who is going to scratch. And yet
someone secure enough to submit to me without turning into one of the dickless
wonders who crawl round the floor at fetish clubs. There are times I want to
push him past his limits and for that I want a strong man. A real man. Which is
what I’ve got.
What John Palmer thinks Amanda Wood looks like
Gorgeous. But wounded, too. Haunted eyes that betray the same nervy
intelligence that Gillian Anderson has used to captivate most of the planet’s
male occupants. (Although I can never sit through the increasingly inane and
implausible X-Files.) Now Amanda is going to rip my heart out and eat it in
front of me because I have transgressed the first commandment. Thou shalt not
mention any women other than me. Thou shalt also not even acknowledge or be
aware of their existence. And if thou dost, there shall not be enough flowers and
triple-goo ice cream in the whole world to make up for it. But she need have no

fear of any mortal woman. To look at Amanda is to be captivated by her green
eyes, which seem to hint at some Asiatic ancestors – pulp novelists usually refer
to “almond-shaped eyes” at this point, and I don’t seem to come up with
anything better, so it will have to stand.
It is one of life’s little ironies that she has breasts large enough to make the
average doltish male deliriously happy but my own obsession is with bottoms.
While I never tire of rubbing my face into her soft, bouncing breasts and teasing
her nipples with my tongue, my attention will probably be more fixed on her
bottom and its globes of endlessly squeezable and kiss able flesh. Our
lovemaking often starts with one of my hands stroking her moist vulva while I
gratefully kiss and nibble at the deep, majestic divide of her bottom. Perhaps I
haven’t said much about what Amanda looks like but the only thing that needs to
be known is that her eyes seem endlessly deep, endlessly understanding. She
doesn’t like her snub nose or the cute gap in her front teeth but it’s hard to find
anyone who actually likes what they look like these days. I was certainly never
interested in the brain-dead model types that are on the cover of every men’s
magazine. I don’t like football, expensive cars or fighting either; I sometimes
wonder if I am really a man at all, by the current media definition. Anyway,
Amanda certainly needs to have no fear from any of the women we occasionally
invite to join us, but open marriages are hard work – perhaps even harder to
sustain than the conventional model.
And here Amanda has scrawled, “Tell me about it.”
By the time their advert was published they had just returned from a late summer
holiday in Syracuse, Sicily, where they had taken a house near the sea. They had
planned to spend the sparkling, starry nights invoking Pan, the god of sex and
wine. They could recover on the beach the next day; watching the fishing boats
bobbing up and down on the warm Mediterranean. But it had been anything but
idyllic. They had spent most of their time arguing, while teenage psychopaths
screeched around the tiny streets on their mopeds. It was even a relief to return
to the grey skies of London and their house in Hampstead. From here they could
at least look down on the people trapped in the centre of the city while they
poured themselves another glass of something expensive and planned their next
elegant debauch.
It was that hour of the day where they really had to decide to do something or
they were lost, but they were still idling over a late breakfast on the terrace.
There had been more tension between them ever since they had arranged to meet
one of the women who had replied to their advert.
“Have you noticed that couples in pornography never argue?” said Amanda,

“Have you noticed that couples in pornography never argue?” said Amanda,
leafing through the contact mag where they had placed their ad.
John almost smiled. He was still angry, for reasons that are rarely mentioned
in fantasy fiction of any kind; close proximity to a long-standing partner, the
personal habits and little behavioural tics that tend to grate as you enter your
second decade of cohabitation.
“That’s because erotic fiction describes an ideal world that doesn’t exist,” said
John, trying not to sound too wistful. After all, he had been lucky to find a
woman like Amanda. She was beautiful, infinitely wise, even capable of
sustaining an open marriage with a minimum of plate-throwing and screaming.
Although their relationship was presently mired in something best not analysed
too closely, at least they both still thought they were better off together than
apart.
“Never mind,” said Amanda. “I’m sure this new plaything of yours will be the
answer to our problems. And you won’t go falling in love with her. Will you?”
These comments were dripping with so much irony that John judged it safer to
stay silent for the moment. Adding new partners to an established relationship
was indeed a dangerous remedy; sometimes the patient didn’t survive. And it
was always hard to judge when infatuation with the new-found object of desire
became love. Even when it did, how could this be allowed to flourish? For there
was too much invested in their own partnership to risk getting in too deep with
anyone new.
Amanda obviously thought that John had spent too much time contemplating
Victoria Lambert’s letter and photograph. She did indeed have a flawless body, a
beautiful face and, according to her, an undying thirst for sensual exploration. It
seemed too good to be true. Particularly as she reminded John of a lost love he
had never told Amanda about.
He couldn’t quite make up his mind whether to ring her or not, not because
she was unattractive – far from it – but he was worried about upsetting the
delicate balance of their relationship, which had to continue long after whatever
happened with Victoria. Like an alcoholic seated before a foaming beer that
remained undrunk, trembling on the brink, John spent many furtive moments
staring at the photo of a shyly smiling young blonde woman. She seemed eager
to embody a type of unquestioning acquiescence that exists more often in the
minds of men than in reality. Amanda was unimpressed, as well she might be.
“She’s just what you need,” she said scornfully. “A younger, dumber blonde
version of me. A docile little blonde slave you can tutor in the ways of
righteousness.”
John kept his face absolutely rigid but there may have been a flicker of
something in his eyes, for she smiled knowingly. “I knew you would fancy that,”

something in his eyes, for she smiled knowingly. “I knew you would fancy that,”
she said. She liked showing just how well she knew him. Precisely because it
rubbed him up the wrong way.
“I like the Withnail and I quote,” he said.
“Hmm,” she murmured, not at all convinced and not shy about letting him
know it. “Anyway. Are you sure she’s right for us? She might be a bit too
dumb.”
John raised an eyebrow as he awaited an expert demolition of Victoria’s
tastes, dreams and aspirations. “She’s a dancer, apparently,” said Amanda, her
tone lightly ironic. “She was in West End Musicals.”
She looked at him as if she had just furnished proof that Victoria had just
served ten years for the especially brutal murder of a bald man called John, the
first in a series of ingeniously cruel slayings of blokes called John, particularly
those who placed contact ads in sex magazines.
When he didn’t rise to the bait, Amanda waved the letter in the air and started
again, her eyes just that little bit wider and her voice just that little bit louder.
“She can’t resist telling us she was in Cats. Or was, until she injured herself.”
John nodded, ignoring her corrosive tone, thinking back to when he had been
foolish enough to invest in the theatre. Dancing was a hell of a life and yet
young girls still flocked to prove themselves in this most exacting and cruel of
professions. All for a pittance and the chance to dance to some of the worst
music ever written, in front of tourists and coach parties. These young women
did of course have very finely shaped legs and bottoms, an inexhaustible
wellspring of excess energy and a certain desire for applause and recognition
that made them almost pathetically eager to please. But this was hardly the sort
of insight he wanted to share with Amanda.
“It means she will be very fit,” said John, who was trying not to sound too
smitten. “And also determined to get what she wants. A hard worker. And . . . at
least she can spell. And write in English.”
They exchanged a glance. Considering the state of some of the mail they had
got, perhaps Amanda had been wrong to condescend to her just because she was
a dancer.
“Let’s audition her, then,” said Amanda. “You obviously won’t be happy until
you’ve fucked her.”
“What was that about Cats?’ said John, making a feline, yowling sound and
scratching at the air between them.
“Don’t make me scratch you,” said Amanda. Their eyes locked as they came
to a decision. An experimental kiss sharpened their hunger for each other. And
soon they were making as much noise as the average feline couple in the throes
of some rooftop tryst.

of some rooftop tryst.
It was a night shortly after a full moon when Victoria knocked on their door. Her
blonde hair shone; her clear blue eyes seemed innocent of any guile or deceit. It
was altogether ridiculous that such a stunning woman should have to answer an
advert in a contact magazine. But then where else could she safely seek to
explore the dark desires within her? Hanging around in squalid, noisy clubs was
hardly a sensible solution, as John and Amanda knew to their cost. The dull
repetitive music was often painfully loud to those not using ecstasy and most of
those dancing were merely sensation-seekers who thought it was a big thrill to
wear tight-fitting lycra in a night club.
Standards of club etiquette often left a great deal to be desired, with predatory
males often trying to join in on personal scenes uninvited. Some dungeon areas
were often so small there was rarely room to swing a cat – or any other
implement which could cause erogenous zones to smart and tingle. Clubs were
the reason why John and Amanda now selected their partners from personal ads.
Vicki had dressed all in white: a clingy silk shirt and tight white jeans and
high heels. Her cascade of blonde ringlets must have cost a lot of time and
money. Her complexion was flawless and her glistening lipstick and big blue
eyes seemed likely to bewitch any man who looked in her general direction.
More to the point – what John would see – was the sort of helpless, gullible,
fifties starlet vulnerability that men loved so much and modern women detested.
Were men still this stupid to fall for such an obvious package? Ask a silly
question.
Victoria was not especially tall, for a dancer, which was a relief to Amanda,
but she was conscious that she couldn’t compete with Victoria’s flawless pink
skin, her wide open smile and her air of shy but knowing exuberance. All in all,
she was enough to make builders fall off their ladders, and it was amusing for
Amanda to watch John go all grave and courteous as he tried to stop his desire
showing.
After the wine had been poured and the traffic criticized, Amanda showed
Vicki a new cat o’nine tails. The gleaming black handle smelt divinely of fresh
leather and the tails could easily be used gently enough to caress whoever was
lucky enough to submit to her. While Amanda addressed Vicki, she ran her
fingers through the strands of the cat.
“With us, once a slave is accepted – broken in, as it were – there will be times
when we use this crop for punitive purposes, as opposed to mere erotic
gratification. We will be in charge; the slave’s own personal agenda comes
second.”
Amanda arched an eyebrow at Vicki, who seemed unable to reply, struggling

Amanda arched an eyebrow at Vicki, who seemed unable to reply, struggling
with some unresolved inner tension.
“Yeah, that’s what really gets me going,” she said finally. “It’s knowing I’ve
earned it. Not, you know, just playing.”
John closed his eyes. It was better than he could have hoped for. He repeated
her words silently, committing them to memory. He knew they would resound
for the next few days, if not for the rest of his life.
“After the first few sessions, we like to live in our chosen roles twenty-four
hours a day,” said Amanda, who seemed taller all of a sudden. Had she taken
Vicki’s statement as a challenge? “I hate play-acting. I get awfully bored with
following a prearranged script, don’t you? It has to be real, for me.”
John watched them size each other up. Vicki was looking at a taller, richer,
better educated, more worldly-wise woman. But, as Amanda was well aware,
Vicki was younger, cunning and, above all, blonde. She was used to watching
men fall apart as soon as she batted her eyelashes at them. She must have known
John was already besotted.
“Something is troubling you,” said Amanda. “Speak.”
“You hate me because I’m younger than you,” said Vicki. “It’s not my fault.”
She looked at John, as if he would intercede in her favour, but John was
working very hard at maintaining an unreadable, neutral face.
“I should put you straight over my knee for that,” snapped Amanda, who
seemed genuinely annoyed. “Wait there while I decide upon your punishment.”
John watched Vicki’s face flush with excitement and felt his own body respond.
Amanda looked outwardly in control but John suspected that she, too, was
starting to feel the pulse of insistent desire. She seated herself at the table where
their journal lay open and started to scribble in its pages, while John contented
himself with pleasant anticipation of what was to come.
Not much later, they moved into their cellar and changed into the clothes
appropriate for play. Amanda wore knee-length shiny black boots, black
stockings, a very small leather skirt and a gleaming red corset which pushed her
breasts up and outwards. Vicki wore panties which were transparent enough to
reveal that she shaved her pubic hair. She had a small coiled whip etched on her
left buttock, a detail which was all the more powerful for being her only tattoo.
He was glad she hadn’t gone overboard with the body art. Some of their recent
applicants had all sorts of junk scrawled all over them, as if their skin was of no
greater value than the average municipal convenience wall.
John wore his leather trousers and waistcoat. He had been training hard to
maintain his muscle tone for their new partner, even though he knew it was often
only of interest to himself just how well-defined his pectorals and biceps were.
More importantly, he had to appear calm, which was difficult with Vicki looking
so luscious. But, despite his poker face, Amanda could tell his pulse rate had

so luscious. But, despite his poker face, Amanda could tell his pulse rate had
risen. The beast inside him was ready to prowl. He would have to ask her
permission before the feast, of course, but she could hardly say no without being
accused of jealousy. While John was pouring Victoria a dry white wine spritzer,
Amanda was quizzing Victoria about her recent experiences with contact ads.
“I was two years with Master George,” she said, intoning this ludicrous name
as if either John or Amanda should have heard of it. “You don’t know him? He’s
been on Channel 5 a lot. He’s well known on the scene.”
John had indeed heard of Master George, an egregious figure whose hatred of
women shone out of a fat face which resembled nothing more than the sort of
potato which quality-conscious supermarkets would no longer sell.
By the time they had heard Victoria say the words Master George often
enough to dread their repetition, John had a sudden inspiration. “Perhaps your
initiation could be a banishing of your previous partner,” said John. “Then you
could be free to start again.”
Amanda picked up on this quickly, always eager to intensify the ritual element
of their sex life. It was her usual way of dragging John into her occult dabblings,
without him being too aware of what was happening. “Yes,” she said. “We could
work a ceremony that would help you start a new life. You would be born
again.”
The atmosphere in the room was distinctly heavier, now that they were closer
to the moment of truth. Amanda dimmed the lights until there were only
flickering candles to provide illumination. They scanned each other’s faces for
clues as to what might happen next.
Vicki looked apprehensive, perhaps at the sound of the words “initiation”,
“ceremony” and “born again”. John offered her a reassuring smile and refilled
her glass, to help her make the transition between the world of polite
conversation and the hidden depths of their shared desires.
He lit some sandalwood incense, which some thought was an aphrodisiac
although, since Vicki’s arrival, such overrated herbal essences were hardly
essential. Plainsong played softly on the stereo as Amanda took up her position
in the centre of the room. She looked the picture of the stark and severe
dominant woman as she let the tails of the cat trail through her gloved fingers.
Almost as soon as she had established this persona, she stepped out of the role
by smiling at Vicki and letting the cat’s tails trail over their guest’s hardened
nipples. It was important to establish trust before they took her on a journey
through her deepest desires.
“I think you need to get rid of this ‘Master George’,” said John. “You need to
banish him. Or, more accurately, you will do the hard work. We will merely set
the appropriate atmosphere.”

the appropriate atmosphere.”
Vicki looked uncertain. Perhaps she liked being in thrall to the man who had
dominated her for so long.
“The moon is waning,” said Amanda. “It’s a perfect time to get rid of old
baggage.” She somehow managed to make it sound like an unmissable
opportunity, the occult equivalent of the January sales.
“Like an exorcism?” said Victoria, her voice hushed, her eyes wide.
“Nothing so dramatic,” said John, with a half-smile. “But we will get rid of
‘Master George’ for you, if you truly wish it.”
“Anyone calling themselves ‘Master George’ sounds like a prat,” said
Amanda. John watched Vicki’s face fall and felt a twinge of sympathy for her.
“Could you not have used a more elegant phrase, my dear?” he said to
Amanda, and then wished he hadn’t as he watched her eyes flicker. It was risky
to continue in this vein, but he felt that Vicki needed defending. “If ‘Master
George’ had managed to captivate Vicki for so long, he cannot have been
entirely devoid of merit.”
Amanda made no reply but swished her crop through the air. It wasn’t entirely
clear who she would like to use it on presently. John was also undecided as to
who should submit to whom. The longer he looked at Vicki, the more he could
feel some force inside himself telling him to fall to his knees.
Time stood still as they listened to the chanting of the monks and of the
ageless voices inside them. Suddenly, John knelt down in front of Vicki, without
losing eye contact. “I would consider it an honour if I could massage your feet,”
he said. He watched Vicki’s reaction carefully. She looked flattered but was
obviously uneasy as to how to proceed.
“Don’t know what to say,” said Vicki. “I’m used to people telling me what to
do.”
“I wouldn’t look a gift horse in the mouth,” said Amanda, walking behind
John and swishing the tails of the cat lightly across his buttocks. “Particularly
not when this one has such fine flanks. He can be disobedient, but, if you train
him well, he will take you where you need to go.”
John heard the ominous undertone behind the deceptively sweet tone of
Amanda’s voice and found it unbearably exciting.
“Give him a foot to play with,” ordered Amanda. “He won’t go away until
you do.”
Shyly, Vicki proffered one of her small feet. She appeared uncomfortable with
the situation, perhaps afraid that her battered and callused dancer’s feet would be
unacceptable. If only you knew, thought John, as he reverently dipped his head
to kiss her toes, cupping her heel in his hand and stroking the underside of her
feet in a slow firm motion. He was aiming to soothe her, making sure his touch

feet in a slow firm motion. He was aiming to soothe her, making sure his touch
was firm enough to avoid a tickling sensation. He sought in vain to remember
snippets of wisdom from guides to massage and reflexology, but then it was
easier to let Vicki’s little satisfied moans and sighs tell him whether he was on
the right track or not.
When he looked upwards, he was gratified to find that Vicki’s eyes were
closed and her head was thrown back. John rubbed and kneaded her feet,
drawing moans of pleasure from her. For a while, she drifted off somewhere,
unable to speak as she lost herself in a world of sensation. Her eyes stayed shut
as she opened her mouth to speak.
“Ooh, it’s so long since anyone’s done that. I’d forgotten . . . aaah . . . how
sensitive my toes were. Yes!”
John let his tongue explore the gap between each toe in turn, teasing out tastes
and flavours that were reminiscent of a really subtle mozzarella, a comparison he
knew he would be keeping to himself until he knew Vicki a great deal better
than he did presently. As he worked away diligently, he tried not to think of the
delights to come later, when he would run his tongue over her hot, lightly
flogged bottom. But that was pure greed. It was better to concentrate on the
humbling, repetitive nature of his present task. He worked hard at keeping up a
slow rhythmic stroking motion, hoping to further intensify the mild trance the
two of them were sharing.
“I hope I’m clean enough for you, master,” said Vicki, as John continued to
lick and nuzzle her toes.
“You don’t have to call me ‘master’,” said John softly. Amanda raised an
eyebrow and John had to suppress a smile. He felt anything but masterful, these
days, although that had been his chosen role when he had first met Amanda.
“It’s time you undressed, my dear,” said Amanda, who was clearly irritated at
the pampering this supposed “slave” was receiving.
Vicki opened her eyes and immediately looked from John to Amanda, as if
deciding who to obey.
“Let him indulge himself,” said Amanda. “But we have work to do.”
As soon as Vicki was naked, Amanda cuffed her wrists to a flogging post and
started to whip her, very gently, as John continued to kiss her feet and calves. As
Amanda increased the pace and strength of the still gentle flogging of Vicki’s
round pink bottom, John was gradually working his way up from her small,
badly-callused feet. He kissed and stroked each inch of her muscular calves,
occasionally glancing up at her shaven vulva, which was now moist and
glistening. As Amanda continued to flog Vicki lightly, the tails of the cat
sometimes caught John’s back and shoulders. He continued to explore the silky
skin of Vicki’s thighs with his eager fingers and tongue as she shifted her weight

skin of Vicki’s thighs with his eager fingers and tongue as she shifted her weight
to cope with her mounting excitement. John could feel the tensile strength of her
muscles moving underneath her silky skin.
“It is time we freed you from your so-called master,” said Amanda, in the low
insistent voice she sometimes used to hypnotize the unwary. “As each stroke is
delivered, I want you to imagine that your master is yet further away from you
and smaller in size. On the final stroke, we will banish him from your present
life entirely. Are you ready?”
There was a pause before Vicki consented.
“Don’t be frightened,” said John. “Amanda is very careful not to damage the
skin. This is more of a symbolic cleansing of your last life. Put yourself into her
hands.”
Vicki considered this for a moment, then closed her eyes. “Yes, beat him out
of me. I want to be free.”
“And so you shall,” said Amanda, giving her cat a swish through the air.
“Concentrate, and we will rid you of the ghost of ‘Master George’.”
Amanda used her implement with more strength now but the blows were still
little more than caresses. With a long slow build-up, it was always possible for
the submissive to absorb more.
“I’m going to strike harder, now,” said Amanda. “Picture ‘George’ growing
smaller and smaller in your mind’s eye. Can you see him?”
Victoria moaned her assent. Amanda gently guided John to where he could
kiss Vicki’s wet sex. She kneaded each of Vicki’s nipples in turn, watching her
reaction carefully, then struck once more. After the slapping sound of the
impact, Vicki gasped and moaned as the hot, intense impact spread through her
bottom and around her whole body. She cried out after the second of these
harder strokes, at which Amanda stroked her glowing skin.
“It’s all right,” breathed Vicki. “Do it harder!”
“Concentrate,” said Amanda firmly. “Make George vanish! Watch him shrink,
fade and die.” With each of these words, she laid on another stroke.
The blows were still only enough to redden the surface of her flesh but Vicki
was starting to move from side to side now, an enchanting little dance that
inspired Amanda to dip her face down to kiss the lingering smarts better.
John was by now rubbing his erection into Vicki’s legs as he buried his head
in her soaking wet mound. He could hear his fevered blood thundering around
his body as Vicki begged for Amanda to continue what she had started.
“Go on!” she whispered. “Don’t stop.”
“Very well,” said Amanda, who was still rubbing the chubby red flesh of her
bottom with her gloved hand. She could feel the heat from her lightly whipped
flesh even through the velvet gloves. John was kissing and licking Vicki’s thighs

flesh even through the velvet gloves. John was kissing and licking Vicki’s thighs
now, eager to discover more of her secrets.
“Don’t be greedy, John,” said Amanda rather sharply. She applied gentle
pressure on the top of his head to move him back down Vicki’s thighs. She gave
him a sharp stroke of the crop to remind him who was boss, before uncuffing
Vicki’s right hand.
“Stroke yourself, dear. And see yourself standing tall. You don’t need a
‘master’.” Amanda kissed her full on the lips as she guided Vicki’s hand to
where it would do the most good. As Vicki grunted and groaned, Amanda
looked down at John and arched an eyebrow. It was as if she was saying, “See
how close I am to her. Will you ever be as close as I am?”
John caught the look but had no idea whether she was trying to prove a point
or even whether he was merely being paranoid. Besides, the heat and scent of
Vicki was rather more important.
“Forget the past,” breathed Amanda, directly into Vicki’s ear. “Cherish
yourself. You deserve to be worshipped,” said Amanda. “John! Time to make
yourself useful!” With that, she guided John behind Vicki.
He nuzzled Vicki’s hot bottom gratefully, running his tongue over the soft,
silken cheeks.
“Lick her!” commanded Amanda. “Right between the cheeks! Right up and
down! That’s it. Now, don’t stop. Or else!”
As this was his heart’s desire, he didn’t exactly need to be told or to be
spurred on by the cat o’nine tails. Amanda reddened his flesh for him anyway
before using her gloved fingers to stimulate Vicki. They drifted together,
onwards and upwards, until the trivial matter of who was dominating whom had
ceased to be relevant.

TWO
The air in the cellar was heavy with incense. Candles at floor level provided an
eerie, flickering light which barely illuminated the darkness in which Amanda
and Vicki stood. They were close enough to kiss. Close enough to be aware of
the scent of each other’s bodies. Close enough to whisper into each other’s ears.
Every now and again, they would look over at John, who was kneeling in the
corner, naked.
He spent a good deal of time clenching and unclenching his pectoral muscles,
for he was conscious of his advancing years and wished to maintain some
semblance of his former glory. These exercises also helped keep his mind off the
ache in his legs: it was hard to kneel for so long. He was also wondering whether
he was up to whatever they were planning for him. Or whether they would

he was up to whatever they were planning for him. Or whether they would
ignore him in order to play with each other, which would hurt a great deal more
than any momentary discomfort suffered in the cause of pleasure.
A week had elapsed since their last session with Vicki. A whole week, in
which John’s thoughts had rarely been away from her. Amanda was also
relishing the situation they were in. As his long-term partner, it amused her to
train up a new dominatrix for him – particularly as Vicki had come to them as a
slave. They were still arguing as to who should take the most credit for this
transformation, during which John had heard a great deal about Amanda’s
theories about spirit possession and multiple personality.
“It’s not as simple as being submissive or dominant,” she had said. “Perhaps
we are all at the mercy of the many different people inside us. And the spirits we
invoke. Particularly any we fail to banish.”
John knew better than to argue. If she wanted to deny personal responsibility
and put her mood-swings down to the activities of long-dead mythical deities or
stray poltergeists, that was up to her. What her theory seemed to boil down to, in
practice, was that she was right all the time, whatever he had actually said or
done. And it was quicker not to argue.
Even so, he had to take issue whenever Amanda teased him about how well he
had adapted to the submissive role. He was keen to point out that this was a
temporary measure. Perhaps too keen, for Amanda had smiled and murmured
something about protesting too much. He couldn’t say any more without digging
himself in deeper, but he still wanted to keep some distance between himself and
the soft white blob men you could see being led round the floor at fetish events.
Where was the convenient label to fit his present sexuality? Masochist but not
submissive? Occasionally acquiescent? Willing to say “Yes, mistress,” in return
for therapeutic chastisement?
As soon as Vicki had arrived for her second visit, such questions became only
of academic interest. Whatever happened now was going to be all about her: her
needs, her desires. Her smile seemed wider, her voice deeper. She seemed more
confident; she didn’t constantly seek reassurance. Her blonde hair was now
much shorter and her heels were higher. She was wearing black and red; perhaps
white had been discarded along with her former slave status. It was too early to
say if they had cleansed her of the malign influence of her last partner, the idiot
“Master George”. But John couldn’t wait to see her attempt a whole evening in
her new role. Perhaps she would even have both her hosts kneeling down and
licking her boots, before long. For the moment, it was Amanda who was
strutting around the cellar, laying down the law as Vicki listened intently.
“The moon is still waning,” said Amanda. “And autumn is the time when we
harvest. When we separate the wheat from the chaff.” She ran her hands over

harvest. When we separate the wheat from the chaff.” She ran her hands over
Vicki’s body, stopping to stroke and caress wherever Vicki’s soft sighs and
moans indicated that she had found the right spot. They looked good together,
entirely at ease in each other’s arms. John was still kneeling, still trying to ignore
the ache in his legs. If he didn’t know any better, he would think that Vicki was
about to take Amanda away from him. Say what you like about open marriages.
They were never dull.
He watched them kiss, Vicki returning Amanda’s initial advance with more
than enough enthusiasm to make his own presence irrelevant. Any possible
erotic excitement John might have felt was deadened by the sickening feeling
that this experiment could go badly wrong. Over the past week, he had seen the
balance of power in their relationship shift decisively in Amanda’s favour. And
to think he had been concerned that his partner might feel left out! If anyone was
likely to be discarded, now Vicki had arrived, it was more likely to be himself.
As for Amanda’s pontificating on the subject of the change of the seasons . . .
this particular autumn seemed to be the time to honour the return of Miss Bossy
Boots, who would do well to remember that she used to be a supply teacher
before his money enabled her to pack it in. He might even had said as much, this
time last week; but, since Vicki’s transformation, everything had changed. In his
new, less exalted place in the household, it would not be appropriate for him to
make any supposedly amusing remarks.
He had to strain his ears to hear what they were saying, but since Vicki was
wearing gleaming boots and a thin pink rubber bodice, through which her
nipples protruded, it hardly mattered. Her long legs and taut bottom were
sheathed in gleaming black rubber; it was almost worth the ache in his legs to
view her from this angle. The pain triggered an incongruous memory of a
supervised Buddhist meditation session, where his spirit had floated off
somewhere out into space, even as his legs had seized up in agony.
It was all about concentration, reaching a trance state. He fixed his attention
on Vicki’s strong well-defined calves and thighs and watched the muscles ripple
gently beneath the sheen of tight-fitting rubber as she shifted her weight from
one foot to another.
“Now then,” said Amanda briskly. “Before I can let you loose on John, you
must be punished for whatever lewd behaviour you have indulged in since last
week. It’s important that you know your place.”
There was a brief battle of wills as their eyes locked. It wasn’t long before
Vicki was looking down at the floor and Amanda’s eyes were shining
triumphantly. She was still on top.
“Do you have something to tell me?” she asked Vicki. “Any improper
conduct? Or have you merely been leading young men on? And then running off

conduct? Or have you merely been leading young men on? And then running off
home to pleasure yourself in the privacy of your bedroom?”
Vicki seemed almost to smile but instead maintained her blank submissive
pose, one she seemed very comfortable with. “Oh, please. I’ve been ever so
good.” She was pouting now, standing with her feet turned inwards. The pose
pleased John and irritated Amanda. “I thought we agreed that I only got
punished when I deserved it!”
“You can leave whenever you like,” said Amanda, ice-cold all of a sudden.
“John would probably be heartbroken. But he would soon find a replacement for
you. There isn’t exactly a shortage of young, dumb blondes.”
Vicki stood up straight; her voice aged a couple of decades. “It’s not my fault
I’m younger than you,” she said.
Amanda smiled faintly, then they stared at each other until Vicki looked away.
“That’s all right, dear. I just wanted to get you annoyed enough to give John the
treatment he so richly deserves. Look at him! Obediently waiting for you. But
first you have to submit to the lady of the house.”
Without another word, Vicki bent over and remained absolutely still, hands
flat on the floor. Amanda took a moment to savour her dominance, then softly
smacked her, pausing to kiss where her hand had just landed before continuing
the process. The impact of hand on rubber-clad bottom sounded a great deal
more dramatic than the actual effects. Vicki was soon sighing with pleasure and
waggling her hips to suggest that perhaps Amanda was erring on the side of
leniency.
As each increasingly firm smack resounded, John was transfixed by a vision
of Vicki using a whip on himself. He saw himself chained to the whipping post,
hands secured above his head, most of his body encased in latex. He wanted
Vicki to put his tightest-fitting mask on. He wanted her to rub the insides of it
with her most intimate scents. During the long confinement in sweetly aromatic
darkness, he would be drifting into a trance which might even allow himself
freedom from the confines of his body. This was a risky process, in that it was
tempting to roam free and never return, but it was something he would love to do
again – especially if guided by Vicki, his new obsession.
Instantly, he knew that Amanda would resent any such intimacy and that he
would have to keep any such plans to himself. He had been careful never to
mention Vicki’s name in the week that had passed but Amanda had still been on
edge – even though she was keen on Vicki herself. But then, no one had yet
come up with a foolproof way of maintaining an open marriage without someone
getting hurt, and it didn’t look like they would be the first.
What was certain was that he was becoming more and more addicted to Vicki,
his new drug of choice. He was well aware that her effects would soon wear off,

his new drug of choice. He was well aware that her effects would soon wear off,
but was hoping that they wouldn’t see so much of her that they would become
bored. As usual, this was a decision that Amanda was likely to take. Right now,
she seemed happy enough, spanking Vicki harder and faster in response to her
groans and whimpers.
Amanda carried on past the time when Vicki sounded distressed rather than
delighted, judging that she could stand having her limits pushed a little. When
Amanda eventually stopped, Vicki sighed in gratitude. Her eyes were sparkling
as she stood up and it was some time before their fervent reconciliatory embrace
came to an end.
John was still waiting patiently, trying not to look too ravenous for whatever
was going to happen next. He knew if he looked too keen, Amanda might well
decide to keep him waiting even longer.
“It’s time you gave John what he needs,” said Amanda. John was careful not
to appear grateful. “And don’t be too gentle. Go and do your worst.”
“I can hardly wait to start on him,” said Vicki, as Amanda looked over at her
partner. By the mischievous glint in her eyes, it was clear that she was in no
hurry to pander to him.
“You must wait,” said Amanda sharply. “Let him wait upon our pleasure for a
change. It will teach him a valuable lesson.”
Vicki stole a glance at John, who remained waiting, head bowed. He wanted
to give her a reassuring smile but felt this was inappropriate. Amanda was in
charge. His only responsibility was to obey her orders.
“It still feels weird,” said Vicki. “I spent most of my life being dominated. But
after last week . . . I don’t know any more. Maybe the other stuff was just buried
all this time.”
Amanda let the words hang in the air for a moment, then nodded approval.
“More people should see fetishism as a journey,” she said. “Not just repeating
the same things over and over again. So many people get stuck re-enacting the
same childhood trauma over and over again. They never get past the initial
wound. I think it’s time for you to move on. If John was allowed to say anything
today, he might even agree.”
Here she nodded towards her partner, stepping out of character long enough to
give him a skewed smile and a wink. “Besides, the more men we can make
realize that there is nothing ‘manly’ about bossing women about, the better.
Then they can assume their rightful place as the sexual playthings of women.
They can stop wearing those nasty rough clothes and dress in the silk knickers
they have always really wanted to wear. They wouldn’t have to drink too much
or fight each other all the time; they would be happy. But I mustn’t be too harsh
on them. They do have their uses, after all.”
Amanda gave Vicki a playful pinch. Perhaps she was seeking to remind her of

Amanda gave Vicki a playful pinch. Perhaps she was seeking to remind her of
the happy hours they had spent tangled up in each other’s bodies while John
kissed and stroked them gently. Time had slowed down while they spent hours
feasting upon each other, lapping happily at each other’s clefts while John tried
not to feel jealous at their obvious pleasure in each other. He didn’t quite
succeed, of course – indeed, not by a rather large margin – but managed instead
to console himself with the thought that he would be able to store this memory
away for future reference. He knew he would return often to this memory to
trigger off afternoon bouts of solo play.
As to whether they could really have cleansed her of the memory of her
former partner, John was more sceptical. Perhaps it wasn’t possible to wipe out
years of conditioning in one session. With a smile he remembered the strategy of
expensive shrinks; what she obviously needed was more of their special therapy,
a series of lengthy sessions in which the patient may not be cured but the
therapists would certainly be enriched.
The women vanished for a moment. John could hear whispering and giggling
and the occasional passionate kiss, but that was not enough to enable him to
guess what might happen next.
“Close your eyes, John,” ordered Amanda. “We are ready to start.”
The first thing he heard was two pairs of high heels clicking over the stone
floor of the cellar until they were close to him. He could sense perfume, body
heat and the individual scent of their bodies. As Amanda put her gloved hand in
his mouth, he nuzzled on the proffered fingers gratefully, groaning out loud as
the moment of truth approached.
But he would have to wait. With an affectionate pat on his head and a softly
whispered, “Down, boy,” the fingers were removed. Amanda was still more
concerned with Vicki.
“This is the last lesson in your training, my dear,” Amanda said. “We have
started to banish your last master. Rome was not built in a day but I hope you are
learning to stand on your own two feet, free of the pernicious influence of you
know who. ‘Master George’, indeed! You should be walking all over men, not
taking orders from them. John! Look at Vicki’s new toy.”
John opened his eyes to see Amanda gently flicking the end of a strap-on
phallus which Vicki was wearing. As the rubber dildo bobbed up and down, the
women shared a conspiratorial smile. John felt edgy and anxious, but nothing
worth having came without some effort or discomfort. He would just have to
hope he was up to the coming ordeal.
“It’s lovely,” said Vicki, running her hand over the realistically sculpted veins
on the hard rubber phallus. “But I want a bigger one.”
“Don’t we all, dear?” said John. He shared a smile with Vicki, then turned to

“Don’t we all, dear?” said John. He shared a smile with Vicki, then turned to
look at Amanda.
“Who asked you?” she said. Her lips twitched briefly but she was not happy
about John’s unsolicited comment. They had often clashed about the importance
of staying in their defined roles. In John’s view, she should lighten up
occasionally. And if his behaviour was really so unbearable, at least she had an
excuse to invent some fiendish new torment they could both enjoy. He was
already a little apprehensive of the size of the strap-on Vicki was wearing. It had
only been used once: a memorable evening. He hoped that it wouldn’t come into
action until they had played for some considerable time, so he would be ready to
relax enough to accommodate the dauntingly large black rubber phallus. Maybe
it wouldn’t come into play; perhaps she was just wearing it as a symbol of her
dominance over him. And maybe Santa Claus brought presents every Christmas
for children who had never been naughty . . .
“Warm him up, first,” said Amanda, handing Vicki a well-worn tawse. “Then
give it to him hard.”
John looked up at Vicki, who seemed to be waiting for his permission to start.
“My hide is as hard as my heart,” he said. “Let yourself go.”
Their eyes locked for a moment – which might have been a few seconds and
which might have been forever.
Eventually she said, “Present yourself,” stroking the tip of a crop slowly down
his back before gently tapping his buttocks. He didn’t need any further
invitation; he turned and lowered his face to the floor. Soon he was being
warmed by a pair of gloved hands and the tip of a crop. The blows started soft
and slow and very gradually increased in pace and strength.
Every now and again, they would pause to kiss and fondle each other. John
felt it was undignified to beg, but he was close to pleading as these clinches
threatened to become the main event, rather than the exploration of his body.
Soon the crop was back in action, spreading heat and light just where it was
needed most, and Amanda had moved to one side to watch her protégeé in
action.
“I like it when they wriggle,” said Vicki, sounding very different from the shy
ingenue of last week.
“Well, you’ll have to hit harder than that, dear,” said Amanda. “This one has
been very well trained, though I say it myself.”
Vicki worked on him for some time while Amanda cradled his head between
her thighs, whispering to him what was most likely to inflame his senses. John
snuffed up her scent eagerly, feeling privileged to be the plaything of two
beautiful women.
“Now you’re hot, you need cold cream,” said Vicki, laying her crop aside. Her

“Now you’re hot, you need cold cream,” said Vicki, laying her crop aside. Her
touch was divine and the anticipation of what was to come was sending him
close to delirium. She rubbed the cream in thoroughly and then started to
penetrate him gently with the tip of her fingers. He pushed back hard at her
invading fingers, not wanting to leave her in any doubt that he needed what was
to come.
“Steady now, Vicki. Don’t spoil him.” Amanda positioned her foot so John
could lick and nuzzle her toes. “He likes it rough. And don’t worry about safe
words today, dear. This isn’t some boring, candy-floss sex club for middle-class
couples with 2.4 children. If you want to fuck him senseless with that thing, you
may do so.”
“This is just a game you are playing, right?” said Vicki, not at all comfortable
with the edge in Amanda’s voice.
Just do it, thought John, but he was not going to indulged just yet.
“If you say so,” said Amanda. “If it is a game, the only rule is that you win.
And he loses. And afterwards I will give you a big sloppy kiss. In the winner’s
enclosure. While he mixes the drinks. Sound nice?”
Vicki smiled. “Yeah. I thought you were going to be a lot harder on me.”
“We might still be hard on you. Just wait till you have to write a ten page
essay in our big black book. Something like, ‘What Vicki thinks of her
introduction to John and Amanda’. And you had better go into detail.” Amanda
swished a cat o’nine tails through the air, although any potential menace was
easily dissipated by her hint of a smile. Vicki already knew that any punishment
always came with some serious pampering afterwards.
“Unless you can write something hot, you will be really punished,” said
Amanda, in ringing tones of mock-severity. “No warm-up and each stroke will
really count.” She wagged a finger at Vicki whose eyes widened prettily.
“Anyway, it’s probably time for you to fuck him. He obviously can’t wait much
longer.”
“No,” giggled Vicki, giving John’s engorged penis a fond squeeze.
“Careful, now,” said Amanda. “Don’t get him too excited. His heart might not
stand it.”
The contempt in her voice sounded a little too real for John’s taste. All week
Amanda had been trying her best to rile him, but it was hard to know just how
much was for the purposes of roleplay and how much was because she was
genuinely annoyed about his desire for Vicki.
“Now you can show just how much you want her,” said Amanda, as she
guided the dauntingly wide tip of the phallus to his anus. “Open up for Vicki,
dear. You know you want it.”
The tone was scathing but she held him tight and kissed him passionately

The tone was scathing but she held him tight and kissed him passionately
before leaving Vicki to push the phallus against him. He found the blonde’s
struggles to guide her new toy almost unbearably cute: the way the tip of her
tongue protruded as she concentrated, her frown and occasional soft curses.
After a brief, rather undignified struggle, she was inside him and they were soon
engrossed in a three-way exchange of passion. She was careful to be gentle and
considerate, perhaps too much so, for after the initial thrill had faded John was
soon aware that he would not reach orgasm by this method. He needed the
merest touch of manual or oral stimulation but both women were studiously
avoiding giving him the relief he needed.
After Vicki had withdrawn from him, Amanda scratched his bulging erection
with one of her blood-red fingernails.
“He’s very keen on you,” said Amanda. Her tone was caustic, as grating as the
very fine sandpaper they kept for their more extreme sessions. “Let’s see just
how keen he is. He likes champagne too. Let’s see if he likes it enough to drink
it second-hand.”
There was a grateful moan from John. Soon he was looking up at the stark
divide of Vicki’s sex as she positioned herself over his face.
“What about the floor?” she said, still sounding a bit shocked by what was
about to happen. But also excited, ready to do something new.
“Don’t worry about that,” said Amanda. “He’ll lick that up. He likes that.”
“I don’t know if I can,” said Vicki.
John almost smiled. Was she teasing him, just to make the experience more
powerful when she did eventually relent and let her sour-sweet liquid gush all
over him? Surely she was not yet so artful?
“More champagne, dear?” said Amanda, handing her a glass. “Go on, gulp it
down. I want to see him thoroughly covered. It’s time he learned his place in this
house. Do you know, I think he might thrive on a diet of second-hand
champagne. He certainly looks eager for you to start, doesn’t he?”
Amanda touched the tip of John’s erection briefly. He was on the brink of
orgasm but knew Amanda would never allow him release until she had pushed
him further than he had ever been before. This was the price to be paid for his
infatuation with Vicki.
He was trying not to use the word love in this context, but the more he tried to
ignore the possibility he was falling for Vicki, the stronger his feelings became.
And, with this coming baptism, he was likely to become even more besotted.
“Have another glass, dear,” said Amanda, kissing Vicki full on the lips. Her
hands started to wonder around Vicki’s body, pinching the flesh until she found
the two most important openings to her body and eased a finger in each. There
was nothing John could do except watch. And dream. Anything and everything

was nothing John could do except watch. And dream. Anything and everything
might happen, in just a few short moments. If they could ever leave each other
alone.
To think even as long ago as last week he had imagined betraying Amanda
with Victoria. If anyone was likely to be left out of any new partnership, it was
highly likely to be himself. The limits of his betrayal would only have been a
few nights with Vicki, somewhere they could relax free from the scrutiny of
Amanda’s prying eyes and acid tongue. But he now knew this would never
happen and, what’s more, it never should happen. It was better this way.
“I shouldn’t really drink any more,” said Vicki, who was starting to giggle as
the alcohol got through to her. “I feel light-headed.”
You and me both, babe, thought John. He watched the full cheeks of her
bottom wobbling slightly as she shifted her weight from foot to foot.
“Many persist in seeing water sports in the context of dominance and
submission,” said Amanda, who sometimes forgot that not everyone wanted to
be lectured. “It doesn’t have to be part of a humiliation scenario; it can be a
joyful celebration of the partner’s body,” she continued.
Vicki was all ears but John could have done with less talk and more action.
Just shut up and tell her to piss all over me, he thought, but his fervent attempts
at telepathy were to little avail. As yet. Still, he could be content with letting the
anticipation build.
“We should view this exchange as a liquid kiss,” said Amanda. “There need
be no shame in accepting a warm fluid coming straight from the centre of your
partner’s sexuality.”
No shame indeed, thought John. Just get on with it!
“The communion service is descended from occult ceremonies in which
bodily fluids would be placed in a chalice. The Holy Grail itself is undoubtedly a
vessel meant to symbolise the vagina, a cup in which various fluids can be
drunk.”
Yes, yes. Just tell her to squat over my face. Let me gaze up at her lovely cleft
and the rounded cheeks of her bottom. Let her relax enough to get used to the
idea. Let it flow down over me. Let me drink it in and lick her afterwards.
“Fresh urine usually smells and tastes good, provided the partner is in good
health and one is attracted to them in the first place,” said Amanda.
Vicki was still wide-eyed, getting used to the idea of what she was about to
do.
“You don’t have to ask if he wants you to do it. Look at him! He is yearning
for you. Won’t do him any harm to let him wait. Drink more champagne. Make
sure you have a full bladder before you anoint him. If you’re really good, I’ll let
you drink mine.”

you drink mine.”
“Is it . . .” Vicki couldn’t complete her question because to do so would seem
ungrateful. But you couldn’t be too careful, these days. “Is it safe?” she said, in a
very quiet voice.
Amanda smiled. “It’s low risk, with regard to HIV transmission. Only a tiny
amount of the HIV virus is contained in urine and saliva kills that off. As long as
it is kept away from cuts and abrasions and the receiving partner’s gums are not
bleeding, this is safe sex.”
Please, please, please. Just do it, thought John. It had been some time since he
had prayed to anybody or anything, but he was getting close now. I need this, I
want it, I must have it . . .
“It’s coming!” said Vicki, sounding as exhilarated as John felt.
As the warm aromatic fluid coursed over his face and mouth, he gulped and
swallowed, struggling to keep pace with the force of the flow. For one absurd
moment, he recognised the taste of the chemical sweetener she had popped into
her after-dinner coffee; then he was lost once more as Amanda used her most
spiteful crop on him with more energy than was customary.
The combination of the smart of the crop with the tidal waves of briny fluid
washing over and through him were enough to make his tired flesh sing and his
soul sing with joy. It was almost as if there was still enough alcohol left in her
champagne-tinged urine to make him drunk. They really must try her out on
some of the vintage wines he had laid down in his cellar.
Amanda was mumbling something about banishing “Master George” but,
while she did so, John could clearly see the stern humourless “master” he
himself had once been dissolve. He closed his eyes, breathed deeply and began
to see himself kneeling before Vicki, who was seated on a silver throne around
which the sea swirled. She raised a wand with which she was lustily hitting him
wherever she could, an impish knowing smile trained directly on him. He knew
that they would never switch roles. Even with Amanda, they seemed to have
permanently reversed polarity. She was in charge now. It seemed appropriate
that she took him in hand to push him over the edge. As he lost control and felt
the tides sweep him away he saw Amanda’s face. “You belong to me,” she was
saying. “You always will.”
And he moaned his agreement as she held him afterwards for what seemed
like an eternity. But behind his closed eyelids, he was looking at Vicki’s face as
she smiled triumphantly. They untangled from each other slowly, each unwilling
to return to the more mundane world they usually inhabited.
Champagne helped, of course, as did a brief ritual cleansing by Amanda. This
may have sent any stray demons packing or it may have merely served as a
useful cooling-off period before it was time to play at being normal again: John

useful cooling-off period before it was time to play at being normal again: John
really didn’t mind which, after an experience like that.
Then it was time for the women to retire upstairs to replenish their glasses
while John swabbed the floor. As he joined them, it seemed that Vicki was drunk
on something more potent than champagne.
“This feels so good, doesn’t it?” said Vicki, with something approaching a
wicked grin on her lovely face. “I think I want to be dominant all the time. I
really think it’s me.”
“Glad we could be of service,” drawled Amanda, but whatever irony was in
her voice seemed to float over Vicki’s head.
“Yeah, I’m ever so grateful. I mean, if you want me to do you, some time . . .”
Amanda declined the invitation gracefully with just a sideways shake of her
head and a dry smile. “I’m going to be too busy training this one for a while,”
said Amanda, nodding over at John. “I think you’ve fused the part of him that
used to be dominant. Taught him a lesson he might have needed for a long
time.”
It was open to question whether this statement was merely an affectionate
little tease which went with the previous session, but John was finding it more
exciting, and ultimately more satisfying, to take it as read. He felt a warm glow
suffuse his body and soul at the thought of discarding all the stiff, humourless
baggage that went with being dominant.
Let someone else worry about setting the agenda. He could just abandon
himself to the moment. Besides, the submissive often got the best of the deal in
these exchanges. Everything was focused on them, and their often notoriously
picky desires. (“Up a bit, down. No, not there! Don’t you know anything?”) It
was often hard to tell who was actually dominating whom, standing there
listening to a torrent of orders coming from his theoretically submissive partner.
John felt drained but glowing with an inner fire he had not felt for some time –
not since he had first met Amanda, in fact. He could hear the occasional waspish
undertone in Amanda’s voice as she replied to Vicki’s breathless babble, but
their guest was oblivious to anything except the surge of fire in her veins and the
long trapped flow of power and dominance that had always been rightfully hers.
“You’ve given me wings. I’m ready to fly,” she said, face flushed with an
innocent joy that neither John nor Amanda could share right now. For the sake
of appearances, they drank till dawn with their guest, then called a cab for her,
remembering to send her flowers later that day. As soon as she had gone they
had quickly agreed that it was too dangerous to see her again too soon. Then
they fell asleep in each other’s arms.

THREE
What Vicki wrote in John and Amanda’s big black book
I learned so much! I can’t believe it! I thought I knew all there was to know
about pervy stuff till I met John and Amanda. They’re really generous hosts. As
for Amanda, who else would lend you their husband to practise being a mistress
on? And John wasn’t used to being submissive although he was a quick learner,
I’ll say that for him. You two are the greatest! Thanks ever so much!
John didn’t need to look in their erotic diary any more. He had memorized
Vicki’s words, which was maybe just as well as they had agreed that they should
wait a long time before seeing her again. Although Amanda had ritually
banished the energy they had summoned with her, Vicki was still a constant
presence. He had betrayed too much of his desire for her to Amanda. As a result,
his own status in the house had been considerably diminished. It was also getting
harder for him to cope with his growing addiction to Vicki, perhaps not to the
real person but to some quality or value she represented.
He knew that there was nothing more pathetic than a man seeking out a
younger partner every time his relationship was in crisis, or so the conventional
wisdom had it. Mother Nature, the Goddess, the life force – however you wanted
to put it – she seemed to think it was a very good idea indeed for him to seek out
a new partner. In fact, this was whispered in his ear at every possible
opportunity, by some malevolent sprite who had been around several millennia
longer than whoever invented monogamy as an instrument of social control.
It was only ten a.m. and John had already poured himself two ounces of a very
expensive single malt. Sipped carefully, this would last till lunch, and would
hopefully take some of the edge off his hunger for Vicki. He inhaled the scent of
the whisky warily, waiting five minutes before wetting his lips with the merest
possible drop of the liquid. It was perhaps half an hour before he tasted the
smoky fluid, time spent entirely in wrestling with his desire to call Vicki,
something he had agreed with Amanda he would not do. The two ounces of dark
smoky fragrance lasted until lunch, after which he went for a long walk on the
Heath. After which he settled down to serious drinking, after which he called a
number of drug dealers, after which it was prudent to stay out until he had
recovered from the effect of their products. At no time did he ring Vicki but
when he awoke the next day, suffering from three different types of withdrawal,
he was beginning to wonder whether it was worth the cost.
John knew he was behaving like a teenager but that didn’t alter the way he
felt. He missed Vicki bitterly. And as the days grew darker and the nights colder,
he started to yearn for her. It was infantile, it was selfish and it would lead

he started to yearn for her. It was infantile, it was selfish and it would lead
nowhere. He was supposed to have grown out of this stuff. After all, any fool
could fall in love. The hard bit was seeing whether it was real enough to last
through decades of living together.
Weeks later, just as he was starting to forget her, a letter arrived. He wasn’t
even sure if he should open it. He was already in too deep. He decided to read it
on Hampstead Heath, where at least he could digest the contents without
Amanda’s catty comments.
He walked for an hour or so, until the biting wind found its way through his
winter clothes into his bones. There was a sheltered spot from where he could
see the city centre, but today he drew no comfort from looking down at those
trapped in the traffic. He toyed with the idea of burning the letter before he had
read it but forced himself to open it. Would she accuse them of using her then
casting her aside? Would it contain a plea to visit them again? Perhaps she
needed help of some kind.
In the event, the contents were far less dramatic than he had thought. It
seemed that it was he alone who was suffering from the brief upheaval of
Vicki’s arrival.
Dear John and Amanda, I just wanted to say thank you! I’m going to be away
for a while. I’ve met someone who is going to look after me. As long as I’m
really mean to him! I don’t know how to thank you. You two have freed me
for the first time in my life. I never knew I could dominate men. And I really
like it! I’ll always have you to thank for that, John. I can be myself. I’ll never
be a slave, ever again.
If only I could say the same, thought John, rather wistfully. He had crossed that
line which divides sex as pleasure and sex as an expression of love. He was old
enough to know better but, try as he might, he couldn’t quite dislodge the hooks
Vicki had left in him. And this letter didn’t help.
He stared into space for a while then realized that he should burn it. He was
already in thrall to her memory. Making a fetish out of objects connected with
her would only make matters worse. Perhaps he should try some of Amanda’s
hocus-pocus, create a ritual peace and then banish her.
He breathed deeply and slowly for a while, closing his eyes to intensify his
concentration. He then repeated a banishing incantation he had once heard
Amanda use as he burned the letter. He smiled as the flames singed his fingers.
With any luck, the pain would add some force to his heartfelt plea to be free of
her.
Seconds later, he knew it was no use. He might as well have cut out his own
heart. He looked in the flames and saw Vicki’s mischievous smile. There was no

heart. He looked in the flames and saw Vicki’s mischievous smile. There was no
way of banishing that presence and there was probably no way of using new
partners to tart up a relationship that had gone sour. And just splitting up with
people didn’t work, either. How often had he done that, just to spend years
yearning after the rejected partner? They would have to stumble on somehow,
even if a little ghost called Vicki was here to stay, lodged somewhere deep in his
heart where other idealised spirits dwelt.
It was so stupid to compare a living woman like Amanda with a fantasy
figure. It was even stupider to be a slave to someone who didn’t exist. He looked
at the leafless trees preparing to endure another long, hard wait for spring and
tried not to empathize too much with these gnarled old survivors. Then he
ground the remaining ashes of the letter into dust and went home to a real
woman called Amanda.

DE SADE’S LAST STAND
William T. Vollmann

THAILAND
Once upon a time a journalist and a photographer set out to whore their way
across Asia. They got a New York magazine to pay for it by claiming they were
going to do a story about the Khmer Rouge.
They each armed themselves with a box of condoms. The photographer, who
knew such essential Thai phrases as very beautiful!, how much?, thank you, and
I’m gonna knock you around! (topsa-lopsa-lei), preferred the extrastrength
lubricated, while the journalist selected the nonlubricated with special receptacle
end. The journalist never tried the photographer’s condoms (he didn’t even use
his own as much as he should have), but the photographer, who tried both,
decided that the journalist had made the right decision from a standpoint of
sensation; so that is the real moral of this story, and those who don’t want
anything but morals need read no further.
Now that we’ve gotten good and evil out of the way, let’s spirit ourselves
down to the two rakes’ room at the Hotel Metro, Bangkok, where the
photographer always put on sandals before walking on the sodden blue carpet to
avoid fungus. As for the journalist, he filtered the tap water (the photographer
drank bottled water; they both got sick). There was a giant beetle on the dresser.
The journalist asked the bellboy if beetles made good pets. Yes, he grinned. It
was his answer to every question. Good thing for him he doesn’t have a pussy,
said the photographer, untying his black combat boots with a sigh, putting foot
powder on. The journalist stretched out on his squeaking bed, waiting for the
first bedbug. The room reminded him of the snow-filled, abandoned weather
station where he’d once eked out a miserable couple of weeks at the north
magnetic pole; everything had a more or less normal appearance but was deadly

magnetic pole; everything had a more or less normal appearance but was deadly
dangerous, the danger here being not cold but disease; that was how he thought,
at least, on that first sweaty, supercautious night when he still expected to use
rubbers. The photographer had already bought a young lady from Soi Cowboy.
In the morning she lay on the bed with parted purple-painted lips; she put her
legs up restlessly.
Last night tuk-tuk fifty baht, she said.
So you want some more money for the tuk-tuk ride, is that what you’re trying
to tell me? said the photographer in disgust. Man, I don’t believe it. You know,
she already got a thousand baht – that’s why I had to get that five hundred from
you.
The woman’s teeth shone. She slapped her thigh, yawned, walked around
staring with bright black eyes.
Where do you come from, sweetheart? asked the journalist, flossing his teeth.
Me Kambuja.
Cambodia?
Yes. Kambuja.
We go Kambuja, said the journalist. You come Kambuja?
No.
Why?
She grimaced in terror. Bang, bang! she whispered.

2
The journalist kept thinking of the hurt look in the Cambodian girl’s eyes. What
to do? Nothing to do.

3
There was a bar aching with loud American music, pulsing with phosphorescent
bathing suits. He picked number fourteen in blue and asked her to come with
him but she thought he wanted her to dance, so she got up laughing with the
other girls and turned herself lazily, awkwardly, very sweetly; she was a little
plump.
You come with me? he said when he’d tipped her.
She shook her head. I have accident, she said, pointing to her crotch.
She sat with him, nursing the drink he’d bought her; she snuggled against him
very attentively, holding his hand. Whenever he looked into her face, she ducked
and giggled.
You choose friend for me? he said. Anyone you want.

You choose friend for me? he said. Anyone you want.
When you go Kambuja?
Three days.
She hesitated but finally called over another lady. This my friend Oy. My
name Toy.
You come to hotel with me? he said to Oy.
She looked him up and down. You want all night or short time?
All night.
No all night me. Only short time.
Okay.

4
In the back of the taxi he whispered in her ear that he was shy, and she snuggled
against him just as Toy had. She smelled like shampoo. She was very hot and
gentle against him. Knowing already that if he ever glimpsed her soul it would
be in just the same way that in the National Museum one can view the gold
treasures only through a thick-barred cabinet, he tried to kiss her, and she turned
away.
Please?
She smiled, embarrassed, and turned away.
No?
She shook her head quickly.

5
He reached over her to turn out the light, and she cuddled him. He rubbed her
small breasts and she moaned. He kissed her belly and eased his hand in between
her legs. She’d shaved her pubic hair into a narrow mohawk, probably so that
she could dance in the bathing suit. He stuck his mouth into her like the midget
in the show had, wondering if she’d push him away, but she let him.
When push came to shove, he didn’t use a condom. She felt like a virgin.
When he was only halfway in she got very tight and he could see that she was in
pain. He did it as slowly and considerately as he could, trying not to put it in too
far. Soon he was going faster and the pleasure was better and better; she was so
sweet and clean and young. He stroked her hair and said: Thank you very much.
Thank you, she said dully.
He got up and put on his underwear. Then he turned on the light and brought
her some toilet paper.

her some toilet paper.
She was squatting on the floor in pain.
Look, she said.
Blood was coming out of her.
I’m sorry, he said. I’m really sorry.
No problem, she smiled.
I’m sorry!
Maybe I call doctor.
He got her some bandages and ointment. She prayed her hands together and
said thank you.
He gave her a thousand baht. She hadn’t asked for anything. Thank you, sir,
she smiled.
Enough for doctor?
This for taxi. This for tuk-tuk.
He gave her another five hundred, and she prayed her hands together again
and whispered: Thank you.
He gave her some ointment, and she turned away from him and rubbed it
inside her. When they finished getting dressed she hugged him very tightly. She
turned her face up to let him kiss her if he wanted. He kissed her forehead.
She hugged him again and again. When he’d shown her out to the tuk-tuk, she
shook his hand.
Well, he said to himself, I certainly deserve to get AIDS.

6
I can’t help but feel it’s wrong, he said.
Well, we’re giving ’em money, aren’t we? said the photographer very
reasonably. How else they gonna eat? That’s their job. That’s what they do.
What’s more, we’re payin’ ’em real well, a lot better than most guys would.

7
What did the journalist really want? No one thing, it seemed, would make him
happy. He was life’s dilettante. Whatever path he chose, he left, because he was
lonely for other paths. No excuse, no excuse! When the photographer led him
down the long, narrow tunnels of Klong Toey (they had to buy mosquito netting
for Cambodia), he got bewildered by all the different means and ways, but
everyone else seemed to know, whether they were carrying boxes on their
shoulders or hunting down cans of condensed milk, dresses, teapots, toys; it was
so crowded under the hot archways of girders that people rubbed against one

so crowded under the hot archways of girders that people rubbed against one
another as they passed, babies crying, people talking low and calm, nothing
stopping. How badly had he hurt Oy? He had to see her. Lost, the two loathsome
johns wandered among framed portraits of the king, greasy little bloodred
sausages, boiled corn, packets of fried green things, oil-roasted nuts that smelled
like burned tires, hammerheads without the handles . . . But it was equally true
that the johns felt on top of everything because they were screwing whores in an
airconditioned hotel.

8
In the bar after the rain, the girl leaned brightly forward over her rum and Coke
with a throaty giggle; everyone was watching the game board, smoking
cigarettes while the TV said: Jesus Christ, where are you? and the girl said to the
photographer: Tell me, when you birthday?
She said to the journalist: You smoke cigarette? so he bit down on his straw
and pretended to smoke it, to make her laugh.
The girls leaned and lounged. The photographer’s girl was named Joy. She
kept saying: Hi, darling! Hi, darling! Her friend’s name was Pukki.
Come here, darling, said Pukki. What you writing?
I wish I knew. Then I’d know how it would turn out, said the journalist.
He likes to write long letters to his mother, said the photographer.
You buy me out please, Pukki cried to the journalist.
I love Oy, he said. Tonight I buy Oy.
That’s real good, said the photographer admiringly. That’s the way to show
’em!
The photographer squeezed Joy’s butt and Pukki’s tits, and all the other girls
cried in disgust real or feigned: You butterfly man! He bought Joy out, and
Pukki screamed at the journalist: Please, you no buy me out, whaiiiiieee?
I’m sorry, he said. I promised Oy. I’m really sorry.
Why did he want Oy? Because he had hurt her?
He slipped her a hundred baht and she brightened.

9
So they went to Oy’s bar, the photographer, the journalist, and Joy. The manager
came and said: Oy? Which Oy? Evidently there were so many Oys.
The photographer went and looked (he was very good at picking people out),
but he couldn’t find her.

10
All night the TV went aah! and oi! to dubbed movies while the prostitute lay
wide-eyed in the photographer’s bed, bored and lonely, snuggling her sleeping
meal ticket while the journalist, unable to sleep on account of the TV and
therefore likewise bored and lonely, could not ask her to come even though the
photographer had offered because he didn’t feel right about it, the way she
snuggled the photographer so affectionately (when he got to know her better
he’d understand that she wouldn’t have come anyway) and besides he was
worried about the growing tenderness in his balls. Then he had to piss again –
that was a bad sign; as soon as he pissed he felt the need to piss again.

11
When Joy left, she was dressed conservatively, smiled blandly; she shook each
of their hands. Did she become that way in the morning, after the photographer
fucked her up the ass, and she saw that he was like the others? Or was her
affection just an act?
Probably she’d be dead in five years. Eighty per cent of the Patpong girls
tested positive for AIDS that fall. The journalist’s heart sank.

12
And what’s this injection? the journalist asked.
The doctor’s glasses glinted. Pure caffeine, he said enthusiastically.
If I wear a rubber from now on so that I don’t infect the other girls, can I keep
having sex, starting today?
I think it would not be good for you, said the doctor. You see, the gonorrhea
has already migrated far into the spermatic cord . . .

13
Receipt number 03125 (two soda waters, sixty baht) was already in the cup, and
fever-sweat from the clap ran down his face. The journalist was working, and the
girls sometimes gathered around to watch him write. Lifting his head from the
bar, the photographer explained to them: My friend likes to write long letters to
his balls.
They were in Oy’s bar. The Western video was repeating and dinner had
closed because it was 6:00 now, Oy’s hour to come to work, as the photographer
had kindly ascertained; and paunchy white guys grinned. The staff was getting

had kindly ascertained; and paunchy white guys grinned. The staff was getting
ready for dance time.
The journalist’s teeth chattered with fever. Man, I hope you make it, said the
photographer, and there was worry and sarcasm in his voice.
I’m all right, the journalist said. Do you see Oy around?
At 7:00, Toy came. She said hi, smiling; she said no Oy today. There was
something so sincere about her that the journalist almost said to hell with it and
asked her to go with him, but she would only have said no. He wrote her a note
for Oy, showing her each of the note’s words in the English–Thai dictionary: Oy,
I worry you blood that night. Are you OK?
Will Oy come today? he asked her again, just to be sure.
Toy patted his arm. Not today, she said.
You come hotel me, Toy?
No, sir.
You my friend?
OK friend OK.
Then Oy showed up from somewhere, smiling. Toy went off to dance.
He bought out Oy, saying: I just take you back. Just sleep watch TV no
fucking just sleep you know OK?
OK, laughed Oy.
She seemed in perfect health. That annoyed him after all his anxiety. Oy? he
said. Oy? I’m sick from you.
Oy hung her head, smiling.
The photographer went back to the other bar to buy Joy, and the four of them
walked down the hot, narrow alley, the two girls in fancy evening wear, the two
boys in faded clothes a little dirty; what a treat! Oy stopped in a store to buy
condoms (and it never occurred to the journalist until much, much later that she
might have been doing it for him); he said no need and she was happy. They got
a taxi to the hotel. Joy rode in front with the driver. Oy pressed against him. He
held her hand, gave her leg a feel; her dress was drenched with sweat. You hot?
he said. She nodded; she’d always nod, no matter what he said.
He led Oy into the hotel while the photographer paid off the driver.
The journalist went grandly up to the desk. Two-ten, please.
All the Thais in the lobby watched silently. Oy hung back, ashamed. They
began talking about her. She raised her head then and followed her owner into
the humid heat and mildew smell of the stairwell. At the first landing, when she
could no longer be seen, she took his hand and snuggled passionately against
him.
He told her again that she’d gotten him sick but that it was OK.
I go doctor; doctor me in here! she giggled, pointing to her butt. Later, when

I go doctor; doctor me in here! she giggled, pointing to her butt. Later, when
he’d gotten her naked, he saw the giant bandage where she’d had some
intramuscular injection.
The photographer came in. Same room? said Joy on his arm.
It’s OK, the journalist told Oy. No sex. Don’t worry.
That was truly his plan – just to lie there in the darkness with Oy, snuggling
and watching Thai TV while the photographer and Joy did the same. Needless to
say, once the photographer took a shower and came out wearing only a towel
and cracking jokes about his dick, the journalist could see how it would actually
be.
Oy crawled into bed with the journalist, snuggling him, and he slid a hand
between her legs.
I go ten o’clock, she said. Toy birthday party. Toy my sister.
Whatever you say.
She let him kiss her a little but she didn’t like it. Her body was slender, but her
face looked rounder and older tonight; her voice was hoarser. She kept coughing.
After a while she started playing with his penis, probably to get it over with. He
had an erection, but no desire to use it; his grapefruit-swollen balls seemed to be
cut off from the rest of his body. He still didn’t plan to do it, but when he got up
to go to the bathroom with just the shirt around him, the two whores sitting
eating room service (the bellboy had carefully looked away when he brought it
into the half-darkened room, the photographer and the journalist lounging like
lords with their half-naked girls beside them), the head of his dick hung down
below the shirt and they started laughing and then he started getting wild like the
class clown. First he began tickling Oy. Then he started lifting her around and
pulling the covers down to show her off naked; she laughed (probably thinks
you’re a real pest! said the photographer, shaking his head); she kept rubbing
against him to make him do something, and then she’d look at the clock . . .
Eventually she rubbed against him in just the right way, and then he knew
he’d have to do it. What a chore! He squeezed K-Y into her and handed her the
rubber. She said she didn’t know how to put it on. Wasn’t that something? She
tried sincerely, but she just didn’t understand it. He did it and then thrust into
her. She pretended to come and he pretended to come; he didn’t care. In the
carpet of light from the half-open bathroom door the other two were doing it in
the far bed; Oy lay watching them, and she clapped her hand to her mouth and
snickered softly; meanwhile Joy suddenly noticed that Oy was on top of the
journalist and rolled away from her trick and went into the bathroom and turned
the shower on loud for a long time.
The journalist really enjoyed playing with Oy’s body, lying there relaxed and

feverish, doing whatever he wanted while the TV went ai-ai. Light-headed and
distant, he enjoyed snuggling up to her and smelling her, sucking her shaved
armpits, pursuing with kisses her face, which sought to evade him; every now
and then he’d catch her and kiss her lips and she’d laugh. Whenever he’d touch
her between her legs she’d start going um um and begin swinging her hips as if
in ecstasy, but she stayed dry and her face didn’t change and her heart didn’t
pulse at all faster beneath his other hand. He lounged, played, stroked in a
delightful fog of disease like the foggy sprawl of Bangkok he’d be leaving in
four hours, soaring east over big gray squares of water going into grayness,
riding the hot orange sky.
He said: Oy, you want go Kambuja?
No want! No want! Kambuja people is bad people! Thai people like this (she
prayed); Kambuja people like this! (she saluted fiercely). The journalist saluted
her in return, and she cowered back.

CAMBODIA
The plane sped through the morning, its shadow wafting over cooled patches of
trees and rectangles of various greens and grays, all shining wet. Then they
arrived in Cambodia, which seemed a no-nonsense country. There was a line of
soldiers on the runway, each soldier directing the photographer and the journalist
on to the next.

15
He went into the hotel lobby and took a few stacks of riels out of the paper bag.
Help yourself to some money, he said to the concierge. He was hot, weak, and
dizzy. Thanks to the caffeine injection, he hadn’t slept for two nights. In the
wide listless courtyard and porticoes of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, which
seemed almost empty like the rest of Phnom Penh (how many people had been
killed off?), he and the photographer sat playing with their press passes, waiting
for their fate to be decided. In our country, at the moment, the militia plays more
of a role than the army, an official explained, and the journalist wrote it down
carefully while the photographer yawned. They took a cyclo back to the hotel,
and the photographer went outside to snap some land-mine beggars while the
journalist lay down on the bed to rest.

16
The morning sky was a delicate gray. The journalist lay in bed, clutching his
distended balls. It was warming up nicely. His underpants steamed against his
ass. The hotel maid came in and cleaned. She made seven thousand riels a
month. The Khmer Rouge had killed her father, grandfather, sister, and two
brothers. She’d worked hard for the Khmer Rouge in the fields . . .

17
The English teacher wrote sixteen in standard and phonetic orthography on the
blackboard while the children wrote sixteen in their notebooks, and the English
teacher got ready to write seventeen but then the power went out and they sat in
the darkness.
Your English is very good, said the journalist.
Yes, the teacher said.
Where did you learn it?
Yes.
What is your name?
Yes. No. Twenty-two.
Well, that’s real good, said the photographer brightly. That’s real nice. Do
you know what the word pussy means?

18
How happy he was when on the third day of the antibiotics something popped
like popcorn in his balls and he started feeling better! The tenderness was now in
his lymph nodes, but it would surely go away from there too.
To celebrate, he showed all the hotel maids his press pass. You very
handsome, they said.

19
They had an appointment with the English teacher who couldn’t speak English.
The small children were silhouetted in the dark, singing A, B, C, D, E, F, G . . .
On the blackboard it said The English alphabet. The teacher pointed at this, and
the children said: Da iii-eee aa-phabet.
Why does the alphabet only go up to S? asked the journalist.
Yes, the teacher replied.
The journalist pointed to a photograph that concentrated darkness like an icon.

The journalist pointed to a photograph that concentrated darkness like an icon.
My father is die by Pol Pot regime, said the teacher simply. He go to Angkor
Wat to hide Buddha. They die him by slow pain . . .
For a moment the journalist wanted to embrace him. Instead he stared down at
the floor, and the sweat dripped from his nose and forehead. As soon as he
wiped his face it was wet again.

20
In the hotel there were paintings of bare-breasted girls in butterfly-winged skirts
standing waist-deep in the mist before science-fiction palaces. The night was so
hot that the journalist’s face felt as if it had peered into a steaming kettle. He
went into the room, turned the air conditioning on (he and the photographer,
being boys of high morals, always traveled first-class), and took a shower. He
was standing naked in the cool water when the photographer came in with two
whores.

21
The photographer found them in a disco. He always gushed when he made a
novel score.
I was gonna take the tall one, he said, because I kept thinking how it would
be, you know, with her legs around me, but as soon as we got into the street the
short one took my hand, so that’s that.
The girls went through all the pills and medicines first, sniffing the packets,
going nnnihh!, giggling at the condoms, whispering and pointing like
schoolgirls. The photographer’s girl was already in the shower and out, halfway
demure in her towel. The journalist’s girl stayed dressed. She did not seem to
like him very much, but then that didn’t seem unusual to him because girls never
liked him; was it his fat legs or his flabby soul? Look at ’em! shouted the
photographer. They’re as curious as fucking monkeys, man! With great effort
they mouthed the Khmer words in the dictionary section of his guidebook; they
opened the box of sugar cubes, which were swarming with ants, and ate one
apiece. The journalist’s girl had a beauty spot over one eye. When she opened
and closed everything, her eyebrows slanted in elegant surprise. She wore a dark
striped dress. There was something very lady-like about her. She intimidated
him slightly. He lay sweatily on the bed watching them; when they’d completed
their inspection they neatened everything up like good housewives, so that it

took the journalist and the photographer days to find their possessions.

22
The photographer’s girl got ready right away. But after half an hour the
journalist’s girl was still silent in the bathroom with the door closed. She stood
staring at the back of her little mirror, which had a decal of a man and woman
together.

23
He communicated with her mainly by signs. She liked to smell his cheeks and
forehead in little snorts of breath, but not to kiss him; whenever he tried, she’d
whirl her head away into the pillow, so he started Buddha-ing her in just the
same way that Oy had steepled her hands very quickly together for good luck
when he’d bought her out, she probably hoping he wouldn’t see, probably
praying that he’d give her a lot of money; so he did this to the Cambodian girl;
he’d seen the beggars do it; he’d do it to say please, then he’d touch his
forefinger from his lips to hers, and she’d Buddha him back to say please no.
Sometimes he did it anyway, and she’d jerk her head away, or let him do it only
on her closed lips. Then sometimes he’d steeple his hands please and point from
his lips to her cunt, and she’d wave her hand no, so he wouldn’t do that; he’d
pray to kiss her again, and she’d pray him no; so he’d pray and point from his
crotch to hers, and she’d nod yes.

24
He smiled at her as affectionately as he could. He wanted her to like him. It just
made things easier when the whore you were on top of liked you. No, that’s how
the photographer would have put it, but the journalist had a deeper thrust (if you
know what I mean). The truth was, he really did like her. He traced a heart on
her breast with his finger and smiled, but she looked back at him very seriously.
Then suddenly she ran her fingernail lightly round his wrist and pointed to
herself. What did she mean? So many prostitutes seemed to wear religious
strings for bracelets; was that what she meant? Somehow he didn’t think so . . .

25
Give ’em more Benadryl; come on, give ’em more Benadryl, the journalist

Give ’em more Benadryl; come on, give ’em more Benadryl, the journalist
whined as the photographer’s girl turned on the light, giggling for the fourth or
fifth time that night; he didn’t know exactly what the hour was, since his watch
had been stolen in Thailand, possibly by Oy. The photographer’s girl loved to
watch the journalist making love. Even when the photographer was screwing her
she’d always be looking avidly into the other bed, hoping to see the journalist’s
buttocks pumping under the sheet; whenever she could she’d sneak up and pull
the sheet away to see the journalist naked with a naked girl; then she’d shriek
with glee. It was very funny but it got a little less funny each time. Fortunately
they obediently swallowed whatever pills the journalist gave them; the
photographer told them that the journalist was a doctor, and the journalist neither
confirmed nor denied this report, which most likely they didn’t understand
anyway. So he gave them Benadryl – one for his girl, three for the other, who
was hyperkinetic. Even so they both kept turning the lights on to see what time it
was; they wanted to leave by the end of curfew.

26
Once they’d left, he told the photographer he didn’t want to see her again. Why,
she hadn’t wanted to do anything! And she’d seemed so sorrowful he’d felt like
a rapist. What did she expect anyway? But as soon as he’d conveyed these wellreasoned sentiments, his heart started to ache. He didn’t tell the photographer, of
course. They rarely talked about those things. Why her? he wondered. But he
remembered how she’d hung his trousers neatly over the chair, how she’d
ordered his money in neat piles without stealing any, how before leaving she’d
taken each of his fingers and pulled it until it made a cracking noise, then bent it
back; this was her way of pleasing him, taking care of him.

27
At the disco that night he didn’t see her. He sat and waited while the crowd
stridulated. Finally her friend, the photographer’s girl, came to the table. She was
slick with sweat; she must have been dancing. He asked the English teacher who
didn’t speak English to ask her where his girl was. They saw him frequently in
the disco, and he would try to translate for them. The man said: She don’t come
here today. Already they were bringing him another girl. He said not right now,
thank you. He tried to find out more, and then there was another girl sitting
down by him and he figured he had to buy her a drink so she wouldn’t be hurt,
and the photographer’s girl was biting her lip and stamping her foot, and then his
girl came and stood looking on at him and the other girl silently.

girl came and stood looking on at him and the other girl silently.

28
He pointed to his girl and traced the usual imaginary bracelet around his wrist.
(He didn’t even know his girl’s name. He’d asked the photographer’s girl and
she said something that sounded like Pala. He’d tried calling her Pala and she
looked at him without recognition.) Finally the other girl got up, carrying her
drink, and began to trudge away. He patted her shoulder to let her know that he
was sorry, but that seemed to be the wrong thing to do, too. His girl sat down in
her place, and he could feel her anger, steady and flame-white in the darkness,
almost impersonal.

29
But that night when he put his closed lips gently on her closed lips, not trying to
do anything more because he knew how much Thai and Cambodian women
hated kissing, her mouth slowly opened and the tip of her tongue came out.

30
You got her to french you? laughed the photographer, as the two chauvinists lay
at ease, discussing their conquests. Oh, good! She must have been really
repulsed.

31
She almost never smiled. Once again that night she traced an invisible bracelet
around her wrist, then his. He watched her sleeping. In the middle of the night he
pulled her on top of him just to hug her more tightly, and she seemed no heavier
than the blanket.

32
In the morning she cracked his finger joints and toe joints for him; she stretched
and twisted his arms and legs; she slapped him gently all over. Then she made
her rendezvous with the mirror, where she stood painting her eyebrows in slow
silence. When she was finished he sat her down with his guidebook, which
contained a few dictionary pages. He pointed to all the different words for food,

contained a few dictionary pages. He pointed to all the different words for food,
pointed to her and then to him. She just sat there. He made motions to indicate
the two of them going off together. She followed soundlessly. He locked the
door. She headed downstairs with him, toward the lobby’s ocean of staring
faces, which surely judged him; he could not smile as usual, and the faces
watched him in silence. She was behind him on the stairs, creeping slowly down.
They hadn’t even traversed the lobby yet. The faces watched and waited. He
dropped the key onto the front desk and she was far behind him. He let her catch
up to him a little, not too much because she might not want that, and went out,
into the street that was filled with even more eyes that watched, and she was
farther behind than before. He looked back to make sure that she was there. It
must be difficult for her to be seen next to him. So he went half a block to an
outdoor restaurant and sat down. They brought him tea and bread. He drank a
few sips of the tea and paid. She had not come; she was gone.

33
He felt miserable all day. He didn’t want to have sex with her any more, only to
straighten things out. He’d find someone in the city who could translate for him.

34
Night having smothered the wasted day at last, he set out for the disco while his
dear friend the photographer lurked kindly in the rat-infested shadow of the
garbage heap, not wishing to show himself to his girl, who’d already latched
onto him. As soon as he’d been sucked into the sweaty inner darkness, the
photographer’s girl came running up, seizing him by the hand, weeping,
pleading in a rush of alien singsong. He shook his head, patted her shoulder (this
was becoming his stereotyped Pontius Pilate act), and she stamped away in a
rage. Then she was back again, snarling and groveling monstrously (did she need
to eat so badly as that? what didn’t he understand?), and he wondered whether
she only wanted him to buy her out so that she could rush to the hotel in pursuit
of the photographer or whether she wanted him now; anyhow it was clear that
she wasn’t Pala’s friend (that night she finally took the trouble to tell him that
the woman he was falling in love with was not named Pala but Vanna). Did he
love the idea of loving Vanna? Or did he love Vanna?
I want Vanna, he said. Excuse me, sir, said a low-level pimp or waiter or
enforcer, presenting him with two other girls, each of whom slid pleading hands
up his knee. I want Vanna, the journalist repeated. The photographer’s girl said
something, and the others laughed scornfully. There was no possibility of

something, and the others laughed scornfully. There was no possibility of
finding her if she didn’t want to be found. She was a taxi girl; it was her
profession to find him. If she wanted him she’d come.
At last she arrived from across the dance floor, eyeing him with what he
interpreted to be an aloof and hangdog look. A man said to him: Yes, my friend!
. . . and began to explain something to him at great length, while the journalist
nodded solemnly and Vanna stared straight through everything. The journalist
offered him a can of cream soda as a prize for the speech. At last the man
pointed to Vanna and then to himself, joining two fingers together. Then he said
something involving many vowels, concluding with the words twenty dollah.
Buying a girl out was only ten. The journalist reached into his money pouch and
handed the man a twenty-dollar bill. The man rose formally and went behind the
bar, speaking to a gaggle of other smooth operators as the journalist took
Vanna’s hand and tried to get her to rise, but she made a motion for him to wait.
The man came back and announced: twenty-five dollah. The journalist shook his
head. Then he took Vanna’s hand. She walked behind him without enthusiasm.
Every eye was on them. The photographer’s girl made one more attempt,
weeping again. He was too exhausted now to feel anything for her. Outside,
Vanna shook her hand away from his. He’d already slipped her a stack of riels
under the table. She picked out a motorbike and he got on behind her. The hotel
was only three blocks away but she didn’t like to walk much, it seemed. When
they got to the hotel she paid the driver two hundred from her new stack, and
they went in. The lobby crowd watched them in silence as they went upstairs.

35
Wait, he said gently, his hand on her shoulder. He left her in the room and went
downstairs.
Do either of you speak English? he asked the desk men.
Yes, they both replied in low voices.
Will one of you please come and help me? There is someone I want to talk to,
and I cannot speak Khmer.
There is some kind of problem?
No problem. I just want to talk to her.
I cannot go, one clerk said, and the other clerk said nothing. Maybe if my
friend comes I go or I send him. What is your room number, please?

36
OK. I go with you, the other clerk finally said.

OK. I go with you, the other clerk finally said.
That’s great, the journalist said with what he realized was all the enthusiasm
of his nationality. I sure appreciate it.
She was standing in the middle of the room, staring into the mirror.
The journalist said: Please tell her I want to talk to her. I want to find out if
she is angry with me.
The man in the yellow shirt said something, and she opened her mouth and
began to reply. It was nearly the first time he had heard her speak (but as long as
he knew her it always seemed that way when she said something; she talked so
seldom). He marveled at the lisping syllables, the clear calm childish
incomprehensible voice.
Oh, it is only a misunderstanding, the man laughed. She think you are
ashamed of her, because you walk in front of her very fast.
Tell her I thought she was ashamed of being with me, because she walked
very slowly.
You walk very fast, she walks very slowly; it is nothing. I told her you seem
to be a nice person, a good person; she says she likes you very much.
Please ask her what she expects from me.
Well, you know she does not like to ask you for anything. She never ask. But
a small gold chain, for a souvenir of you, that would please her very much. To
show your . . . well, it makes her very happy.
Ask her if she has anything to ask me.
She says she wants to do what you want, to make you happy.
Ask her if she can stay with me until tomorrow morning.
She says she can stay until eleven or twelve. She has a job in the morning. She
gets paid by the hour to work in the fields for small wage; that is no problem, to
miss that; she simply won’t get paid. But after that time maybe her uncle comes
looking for her. These taxi girls, you know, they do this work to make money for
the family. They never tell the family what they do.

37
He’d made up his mind, as I’ve said. No sex. He just wanted to be with her.
When they lay in bed that night he kept his arm around her and she drew him
close, drumming playfully on his belly, pinching his nipples; but then she was
very still on her back beside him and he could see that she was waiting for him
to do what he usually did. He didn’t even kiss her or touch her breasts. He just
held her very close, and the two of them fell asleep. All night they held each
other. In the morning he could see that she was waiting for it again, so he got up
and took a shower and started getting dressed. He couldn’t tell if she was

and took a shower and started getting dressed. He couldn’t tell if she was
surprised. She got up, too, and pulled her bra on, while in the other bed the
photographer lay grinning.
You mind if I hop her while you’re in the shower? he said.
I don’t think she’d like that, the journalist said evenly.
That’s a good one, the photographer jeered.
The photographer drew an imaginary gold circlet on her wrist, and she
nodded.
They went out, and he was about to take her by the hand to go to the market
where he’d seen some gold things for sale, but she took him by the hand and led
him to a motorbike and they got on.
They traveled far across the city. At last they reached a video arcade that was
also a jewelry store without any jewelry, without anything in the glass case
except for a tiny set of scales on top of a cigar box. The Chinese-looking man in
the straw hat opened the cigar box and took out three gold bracelets. Vanna
gestured to the journalist to choose. He smiled and signed that it was up to her.
She smiled a little at him. Already a new crowd was secreting itself, like the
swarm of black bees eating the sugar and flour in the market’s open bowls. Two
of the bracelets were slender and lacy. The third was quite heavy and had three
blocks that said ABC. That one would obviously be the most expensive. She took
that one. He took a hundred-dollar bill from his pocket and gave it to her. She
looked at it as if she’d never seen one before, which she probably hadn’t. The
man in the straw hat said something to her; the motorbike driver joined in, and
they all began to discuss the alphabet bracelet with its every ramification. There
was one chair, and she gestured to him to sit down; he gestured to her to do it,
but she shook her head. The man in the straw hat gestured to him to sit down; he
gave in. The man in the straw hat got a calculator from somewhere and clicked
out the figure 30 and said dollah. The journalist nodded. I guess I can give
Vanna a lot of change, he thought. They all talked some more. The man in the
straw hat clicked out 137. They were all watching him to see what he’d do.
When he got out two twenties, everybody but Vanna started to laugh. Were they
happy, polite, scornful, or sorry for him? What did it matter?
The man in the straw hat brought out his miniature scales and weighed the
alphabet bracelet against a weight. Then he switched the pans and did the same
thing again. The journalist nodded. Vanna took the bracelet and draped it over
her left wrist. He realized that everyone was waiting for him to fasten it for her.
He bent down and did it, taking a while because the catch was very delicate and
he was clumsy and nervous with his fat, sweaty fingers. The man in the straw hat
came to help him, but he waved him away. When he’d finished, he looked up.
An old lady was standing at the edge of the crowd. He smiled at her tentatively,

An old lady was standing at the edge of the crowd. He smiled at her tentatively,
and she stared back stonily.
Then he looked at Vanna. The smile that she gave him was worth everything.
And she took his hand in front of them all.
People stared at them and snickered. A woman with her three young children
was sitting on a bed frame on the sidewalk, eating rice. When they spied Vanna
and the journalist, they forgot their rice. Someone called out: Does you loves
her? She stared ahead proudly; he hoped that their cruelty did not touch her.
He still didn’t really want to fuck her. He just wanted to be naked next to her,
holding her for the last ten minutes or two hours or whatever it would be until
she went to work. He stripped and took a shower. While she did the same, he
looked for his gonorrhea pills. When she came out he got into bed with her. She
pointed to her watch. She had to go soon. She snuggled him for a minute, then
pointed to the tube of K-Y jelly. He didn’t want to confuse or disappoint her any
more. If that was what she expected, then he’d better do it. She touched his
penis, and he squirted the jelly into her and rolled the rubber on and got ready to
mount her, and then something in her face made him start to cry and he went soft
inside her and rolled off. She was not pleased, no two ways about it. After all, it
was their honeymoon. She was rubbing him; she wanted him to try again. He put
more lubricant inside her and took the rubber off and threw it on the floor. The
doctor had said he wouldn’t be contagious any more; sex was only hurting him,
not anyone else. As soon as he was inside her, he went soft again. He was crying
and she smiled, looking into his face, trying to cheer him up; he was behaving
like a baby. He traced a heart on his chest, pointed from himself to her, and drew
a heart between her breasts. She nodded very seriously. He made a motion of
two hands joining and she nodded. He said: You, me, go America together . . .
and she shook her head. She drew a square on his chest, not a heart, then pointed
to a heart-shaped chain of gold that some other man must have given her.
She got up and took a shower. He started to get dressed, too, but she gently
motioned him back into bed. She dressed very quickly. She came and sat with
him for a moment on the bed, and he pointed to the number eight on his watch
and signed to her to come to the hotel then and she nodded and he said: Ar kun.
Then she stood up to go. She clasped her hands together goodbye and he was
crying and she was waving and kissing her hands to him and then she was gone.

38
I wonder if she’s waiting for me at the disco, the journalist said. Maybe she
misunderstood.
I’m sure she is, drawled the photographer. Yep, she’s just sitting around

I’m sure she is, drawled the photographer. Yep, she’s just sitting around
waiting for her knight in shining armor.

39
That night he had a dream that he was getting married to Vanna and everyone
was so happy for him; all the street orphans were there drumming and dancing;
reformed Stalinists made him fish soup; the cyclo drivers donated their vehicles
to serve as chairs.
When he told the photographer a little more about the dream, the
photographer said: She must think you’re a real pain in the ass.

40
The chief of protocol received them on a high porch. He was pleased with the
journalist’s French. He read their dossiers and clapped a hand to his mouth in
mirth.
Later, in the car, he pointed out the window and said, Ah, a beautiful girl there
– did you remark her?
No, monsieur, said the journalist.
But I believe you do regard them.
Yes, I do regard them, replied the journalist in the most pompous French that
he could muster. For me, every girl in Cambodia is beautiful.
The chief of protocol laughed so hard that he had a coughing fit.
Clearly it was his job to amuse the chief of protocol. In Phnom Penh, every
girl is a delicious banquet, he said.
Delighted, the chief of protocol embraced him.
What did you tell him? asked the interpreter.
I said that it is very hot today, said the journalist.
The chief of protocol said something to the interpreter, who giggled.
Yes, yes, said the interpreter, and Battambang is famed for its lovely roadside
flowers.

41
Riding atop the jolting Soviet tank in the rain, he saluted the staring or laughing
girls, kissing his hand to them, waving to the kids, the old men and ladies,
tossing ten-riel notes down into the road like bonbons (the photographer and the
driver did the same; the driver was dressed in a black uniform today and wore

driver did the same; the driver was dressed in a black uniform today and wore
his Russian pistol especially for the occasion); and the interpreter and the chief
of protocol and the soldiers with their upraised machine guns watched the
journalist, grinning, and the journalist saluted for hours as they rolled back in
from the tame battlefield. He was utterly and completely happy. In Cambodia he
could never disappear; now at least when people gawked at him they saw
someone comic and grand, a man with a private army who gave them money; he
felt like God – a loving God, moreover; he loved everyone he saluted; he wanted
to love the whole world, which (it now seemed to him) was all he’d ever wanted
when he had whores; his balls still felt funny; all he wanted to do with people
was hug them and kiss them and give them money. His forehead glowing with
sunburn and three beers, he sat against the spare tire, blessing everyone like the
pope, nodding to his elders, wishing that his lordliness would never end. Most of
the time they waved back. Girls on bicycles giggled to one another. Children
saluted back with slow smiles. Skinny grinning men waved back. These
gratifying demonstrations almost balanced those other stares they’d given him
and Vanna. He ached to hold her. Since he was drunk and only a flightless
butterfly, he squeezed the spare tire instead.

42
They were staying in the Hotel Victoire, which just after the liberation they used
to call the Hotel Lavatoire. It had running water, electricity, air conditioning, a
toilet, and screen windows. No matter that none of these worked. It cost two
thousand riels a night for the photographer and journalist’s room, five hundred
for the driver and interpreter’s. Sleeping at the hotel was like sleeping in a
sweltering locker room.
So are you going to do one or not? the photographer wanted to know.
Not me. No whores for me. I’m going to wait for Vanna.
Oh, Jesus, said the photographer, covering his face in disgust.
Besides, my balls ache.
All right, all right.
So, said the journalist, the long and the short of it is: maybe. After all, I’ll
never see Vanna again . . .
At these cheerful tidings the photographer brightened markedly. He came out
from under the sheet, killed two mosquitoes, played with his flash, and initiated
a fabulous conversation. For hours the two of them discussed the differences
between Thai and Cambodian women and how many times the photographer or
the journalist had been so low, cowardly, perverted, and immoral as to use a
rubber. So they whiled away the suffocating hours until it was time to pick up

rubber. So they whiled away the suffocating hours until it was time to pick up
the chief of protocol and head for the Blue River restaurant . . .
Ask this sixteen-year-old if she wants to marry me, said the photographer with
a mirthful glance at the journalist.
She says she will bear your children, cook for you, do dishes, but she cannot
marry you because she is too far beneath you.
The photographer shrugged. Tell her she is prettier than a flower.
She says a flower that is smelled too many times begins to wilt.
Interesting that the photographer, who wanted to break as many hearts as
possible, and the journalist, who wanted to make as many happy as possible,
accomplished the same results! Does that prove that the journalist was lying to
himself?

43
Please believe me when I say that he did not want to be unfaithful to Vanna. It’s
just that when anyone asked him for something, he hated to cause
disappointment. I honestly think that the journalist was fundamentally good. I
believe that the photographer was fundamentally good. No matter how naive it
sounds, I suspect even Pol Pot must have meant well.

44
He went to the disco. The photographer did not come because he did not want
his girl to know that he was around. The photographer had told him: You know
what the difference between us is? There’s no difference. We’re both assholes.
The journalist knew that he was starting trouble for the photographer by going in
there but he missed Vanna too much; maybe he loved her; maybe he really did.
As always in that hot darkness, he felt that he was doing something stupid and
dangerous by being there. He could see nothing. The air was brownish-black like
the tree they’d shown him at Choeung Ek, the tree whose bark was ingrown with
hardened blood where the Khmer Rouge used to smash babies’ skulls. He
fumbled his way to a table sticky with spilled beer.
Is Vanna here?
You want one beer?
Vanna. Girl. I want Vanna. Tall girl.
No no you miss mistake, my friend.
Vanna.
My friend . . .
I want to take home Vanna. Only Vanna. Vanna and me like this.

I want to take home Vanna. Only Vanna. Vanna and me like this.
No no no!
I want to marry Vanna. I buy her gold ring.
No no no, my friend, no no!
Gripping the journalist’s upper arm firmly enough to bruise, the pimp or
waiter or bouncer or whatever he was led the journalist outside. He looked back
at all the faces watching him in darkness, the fat yellow cat faces.

45
Well, said the photographer, why should she come to work? You already got her
a gold bracelet, for Chrissakes. She probably sold it ten minutes after she got rid
of you. That money should probably last her a few weeks.

46
I used to not have enough money to spend on whores, the photographer said.
Now I don’t know what else I would ever spend my money on.

47
No, sir, the boy said (he was yet another of their impromptu interpreters), I’m
sorry; she’s not here today.
Then she came like a ghost in the darkness, smelling like her sickly-sweet face
powder, giving him for a while her triangular face, and he had to concentrate too
hard on everything to be happy but he knew that later on when he had time to
remember he’d be happy, and she sat beside him and he slipped her ten thousand
riels under the table, a middling stack of money that she made vanish.
Can I buy you a beer before I go? said the journalist to the new interpreter.
But, sir, I have not had any supper! the boy whined.
The journalist started to despise the boy then. He’d showed up uninvited at
lunchtime; the photographer had yelled: Fuck off! Screw! but the journalist had
said: All right, if you want to come to lunch you can come to lunch, but you
have to pay for yourself. And then the photographer said: Aw, you can’t make
him pay for his own meal; the kid’s probably got no money . . . and so they’d
taken him out, handing the waiter rubber-banded blocks of hundred-riel notes
that smelled like mildew; it was after lunch that the journalist had gotten him to
write a love letter, a commission he’d fulfilled in beautiful script, even folding
the sheet of paper as delicately as if he’d studied origami, so the journalist had

been grateful, but this request to be bought dinner at a rip-off place was too
much, especially with Vanna waiting to be taken home; he told the boy he’d buy
him a beer and a dance but that was that. Then he was on his feet, following
Vanna off to the hotel.
As soon as he’d closed the door of the room behind them he gave her the love
letter, and she sat down to read it. (I have one sure rule for you, one of his
friends said to him much later, when he told the friend about her. The rule is this:
Whatever you think she’s thinking, you’re going to be wrong.) It took her half an
hour to read the letter. He saw her lips moving three times or more over each
word. Then he saw that instead of explaining himself to her and making the
situation any easier, he’d only set her another ordeal. But he had to know. He
had to know! He gave her pen and paper and waited. She smiled anxiously. She
strained over her writing, sounding out every letter in her whisper-sweet,
passionless voice. Then she crossed out what she’d written – only a single word
– and turned the page. She tried again and again. Finally she had three or four
lines for him. It had taken her twenty minutes. The next day he got his
government interpreter to translate, and the man laughed and said: But it is all
together like nothing, all these words! She does not know how to write! I cannot,
I . . . uh, she say, uh, that she watch you very carefully the first time, and she is
very happy with your letter, her happiness, uh, beyond compare.

48
He had lain beside her thinking she was already asleep and touched her hand, but
at once her fingers closed around his very tightly. He began to play with her but
she was still, she kept her legs closed. So he patted her and rolled over to sleep.
Suddenly she was smiling and slapping his butt. Pretty soon he was pointing to
his crotch and hers and she was nodding and he got out the K-Y jelly . . .

49
Back at the disco the journalist drank a Tiger beer; then he bought the English
teacher who didn’t speak English a Tiger beer as well . . .
She came again like an apparition, looking at him.
She say she’s busy with another guest, the English teacher said. Do you want
her to come to your bedroom, sir?
Oh, I dunno, said the journalist despondently. Let me think about it.
Tell her it’s OK, the journalist said. Tell her she doesn’t have to come. Tell
her I’ll say goodbye.

her I’ll say goodbye.
Eyes bulging, the English teacher repeated this information in a voice of
machine-gun command. Or maybe he said something entirely different. That was
the beauty of it.
She said something to the English teacher, who said: She is very happy to
have meeting you.
Well, the journalist thought, or tried to think, that’s it. Really, it’s just as well .
..
Then Vanna came to him and gave him something wrapped up neatly in a
square of paper, and again he had a sinking feeling, believing that she was
returning his letter, and it seemed right and fair but also very sad, and then
because she was still standing there he opened it to learn that it was something
very different – lines of Khmer written very neatly (possibly professionally) with
loops, wide hooks, spirals, heart-shaped squiggles, everything rounded and
complicated, flowing on indecipherably.
The English teacher said: She go to get free from customer.
OK, he said.
He was happy and amazed. He sat there and the English teacher sat with him.
She came back and said something to the English teacher, who said: She will
go home now to dress. Please wait for her. She return in twenty minutes. She
come for you.
He took the English teacher outside and sat him down in the light outside an
apartment building. He asked him to translate. The English teacher looked at the
letter for a long time. Then he said: I will tell you only the highlights . . .
Please tell me everything. Can you write for me everything? Then I go to the
hotel to wait for her.
The English teacher wrote:
Dear my friend:
It’s for a long time wich you went to Bat tam bang province by keep me
alone. I miss you very much and I worry to you. I think that maybe you was
abandoned from Kambodia & not told me.
Why can you write so much better than you can speak?
Yes, the English teacher said.

50
She wouldn’t ride in front of him on the motorbike any more. She made them
ride separately and pay both drivers. Had people been torturing her too much, or
was she just lazy? His driver paralleled hers, so that all the way back to the hotel

was she just lazy? His driver paralleled hers, so that all the way back to the hotel
he could watch her sit sidesaddle on the bike, gripping some handle between her
legs, her clown-pale face almost a toy, smiling like a happy mask.
He was desperate to know what her letter said. It was so hard not to be able to
talk with her. He wondered if she’d had to pay someone to write the letter for her
or whether they’d done it for nothing.
He held her, and when the photographer came in and turned on the light, he
saw that she’d fallen asleep smiling at him.

51
The letter said:
Dear my friend:
It’s for a long time wich you went to Bat tam bang province by keep me
alone. I miss you very much and I worry to you. I think that maybe you was
abandoned from Kambodia & not told me.
Since you were promiss to meet you at hotel I couldn’t went because I can’t
listen your language. So you forgive me please. In fact I was still to love you
and honestly with you for ever.
After day which I promissed with you I had hard sickness, and I solt braslet
wich you was bought for me. So you forgive me.
When will you go your country. Will you come here againt? And you must
come Cambodia don’t forget I was still loves you for ever.
In final I wish you to meet the happiness and loves me for ever. I wish you
every happiness and loves me for good.
Signature
love VANNA XXX

52
He sat rereading the letter under the rainy awning where the cyclo drivers sat
drinking their tea from brown ceramic teapots with bird shapes on them; they
recounted their skinny stacks of riels as lovingly as he retold her words to
himself; they rubbed their veined skinny brown legs; and he thought: Am I so far
beyond them in soul and fortune that I can spend my time worrying about love,
or am I just so far gone?
After a quarter hour the rain stopped, and the cyclo drivers took the sheets of
plastic off their cabs and dumped masses of water out of them. The proprietor of

the café brought them their bills. The Khmer Rouge had put his family to work
near Battambang. They’d beaten his wife and three children to death with steel
bars because they couldn’t work quickly enough. He had seen and heard their
skulls crunch. They did it to them one by one, to make the terror and agony
stretch out a little longer. They’d smashed in the baby’s head first; then they
deflowered his four-year-old daughter; then it was his seven-year-old son’s turn
to scream and smash like a pumpkin and spatter his parents with blood and bone.
They saved the mother for last so that she could see her children die. The
proprietor was a good worker; they had nothing against him. He knew that if he
wept, though, they’d consider him a traitor. He had never wept after that. His
owl eyes were wide and crazy as he fluttered around the café exchanging bread
and tea for money. He was like a mayfly in November. And the journalist
thought: Given that any suffering I might have experienced is as nothing
compared to his, does that mean I’m nothing compared to him? Is he greater
than I in some very important way? Yes. So is there anything I can do for him or
give him to demonstrate my recognition of the terrible greatness he’s earned?
But the only thing that he could think of to help the man or make him happy
was death, and the man had refused that.
Then he thought about giving the man money, and then he thought: Yes, but
Vanna is as important as he is. And because she loves me and I love her, she is
more important.
As for tragedies (which were a riel a dozen in Cambodia), what about the
circular white scars on her brown back, put there forever by the Khmer Rouge
when as a child she couldn’t carry earth to the ricefield dykes fast enough? If he
could have gotten into his hands the people who’d done that to her, he would
have killed them.

53
Her face lit up, amazed at the ice-cube tray in the freezer; he knocked a cube out
for her and she crunched it happily between her teeth. She was finally laughing
and smiling and going psssst! . . . She finally trusted him; yes, she loves you, the
English teacher who couldn’t speak English had said at the disco; she trusts you;
you can see it in her eyes . . . Now she lay in bed with him singing Khmer songs
in a soft voice until the photographer, who was very ill, sat up in bed and started
mimicking her in the ugliest way that he possibly could, and Vanna became
silent.

54
The photographer had made a mess of things. His girl lay next to him weeping
because the photographer did not care whether she stayed or went – preferring,
in fact, that she go, because the photographer knew it was only a matter of time
before he had to puke, and anyway Cambodia wasn’t exactly his country the way
Thailand was; the girls here didn’t attract him as much, and everyone seemed so
docile and lazy to him, whereas he only respected people like his next-door
neighbor in San Francisco whom he’d caught pissing in the hall and the
photographer started yelling at him but the neighbor only swung round his bleary
terrible face and shouted: Next time I’ll shit on your head! and then the
photographer had to forgive and admire him; his girl in Cambodia didn’t do that,
not quite; and when the time came to send her away forever because they were
leaving for Thailand early next morning, the girl began to weep and grovel
again, soaking his knees with tears, clinging to him; it was horrible to see her; as
affectionately as he could, the journalist kissed her hand goodbye . . .

55
In the morning, very early, there was a tapping at the door, and he got up sick
and fat and groggy in his underwear to see who it was. He opened the door and
shouted Vanna! with glee and thankfulness and she was glowing at him; she’d
brought loaves of bread for his journey; he shared one with her. The
photographer, who’d passed out puking on the floor, lay feverish in bed; and the
journalist opened the refrigerator where the photographer had left his fruit to be
abandoned and gave it to her, a gift for a gift, and she smiled and took it so that
it became something special. Lying in bed beside him she peeled a fruit
somewhat like a giant grapefruit, each sector of it walled off by a bitter cuticle as
thick as a flower petal, the reward inside being a mass of rubbery pale-yellow
teardrop-shaped fibers with bittersweet juice; and she put the segments into his
mouth, and she said: I wuff you.

THAILAND
When they got back to Bangkok, the journalist said to the photographer: Well,
that was it. No more whores for me. And he’d start talking about how he was
going to marry Vanna, until the photographer said: Aw, you’re driving me crazy!
The photographer went and got laid. He really wanted the journalist to do it too.
He looked out for him. When the journalist’s balls had been at their worst, the
photographer always got him meals in bed. But the journalist wanted to be good

photographer always got him meals in bed. But the journalist wanted to be good
now; he said no. Red-boiled by the sun until he resembled a vulture, staring
blearily, grimly ahead, the harsh light of Bangkok illuminating the insides of his
ears, the photographer had had a hard time getting through the daylight hours.
But now all his grace was back. Can I at least bring you back something? As
ever, the journalist envied him and wanted to be like him. Oh, that’s all right, he
said. You go spread one for me.
He stayed in and washed his underwear in the sink. The room was bright,
cool, and quiet, with hardly any cockroaches – this being the world-famous
Hotel 38, you see, which they’d never heard of before. When he’d scrubbed his
underwear, he squeezed them out and left them hanging and dripping on the
bathroom doorknob. (The photographer, pitying his incompetence in almost
every sphere of life, sometimes rearranged his laundry for him. Don’t ever leave
your wife, he always said to the journalist. Without her you’d really have
problems!) He went out and stood on the landing between the second and third
floors, looking across interstellar darkness into the window of a garment factory
where girls in pale uniforms sat sewing; it seemed to him very strange and bleak;
the prostitutes probably had a better life, in spite of the shame . . . Just after he’d
turned the light out and gotten into bed, the light came on, and he opened his
eyes to see the photographer with someone else in the hot glowing doorway. A
moment later, Joy, the photographer’s old Bangkok girl, was on the journalist’s
bed, holding his hand and hugging him so naturally like he was her brother while
the photographer laughed. Only one boyfriend me! she said, pointing to the
photographer. I love him! You are so sweet, said the journalist in wonder,
meaning every word of it, wondering how many times he’d meant it . . .
Joy went into the bathroom. Then she and the photographer went to bed. The
journalist told them both goodnight. Soon he heard Joy’s soft rhythmic moans,
faked or unfaked, while in the hall a cat in heat went aaoow, aaoow.

57
What is she to you? a cyclo driver in Phnom Penh had shouted from among the
crowd that encircled him as the journalist walked Vanna across the street on his
last morning in Cambodia, his fingertips gentle and careful against her back.
She’s my friend, he said.
And what was she to him? She said she loved him, and he did believe that if
he asked her to marry him she would come with him, bring her child (her other
husband had kicked her in the face and abandoned her), and he thought that she
must love him as she understood love, and he loved her as he understood love;

was that enough?
When he drew sketches of the Hotel 38 maids, they kissed him on the lips and
asked him to take them out dancing; later that day one said to him very
tentatively: I love you?

58
The next night the photographer brought some women back for them, a sort of
midnight snack; he’d asked again before he went and this time the journalist had
said: Go ahead; twist my arm. The photographer had Joy again. The journalist’s
was a greedy thief smooth-shaven between her legs, and as soon as he’d stuck
his tongue in her he knew that it was a mistake. He got up and rinsed his mouth
out. Then he put a rubber on. The next day his tongue was coated with white
fungus and his throat was so swollen that he could hardly breathe. Over and over
a fierce fever grabbed him by the scruff of the neck and lifted him out of his
dreams, then let him fall back to sleep exhausted. He remembered Vanna’s face.
Well, doubtless Vanna wasn’t celibate, either. Maybe it was then that he began
to get the unbounded confidence and ease that permitted him to cut any pretty
girl who caught his fancy right out of the Patpong herd and take her straight back
to the hotel, so that weeks later, when he awoke in the middle of the night, jetlagged, he saw a woman sleeping beside him and at once, not knowing who she
was, pulled her underpants briskly down to her ankles and rubbed her fuzz and
spread her until she stirred and muttered: What . . . ? and he suddenly
remembered that this was his wife.
He wanted to say to his wife: Who am I? Only to see her expression when he
said it, of course. I’m thinking of leaving my wife and marrying an illiterate
prostitute from Cambodia whose language I can’t speak a word of, he said to one
of his friends. That’s very interesting, his friend said. Maybe you should sleep on
it. I wouldn’t do anything drastic. How much do you think I’d need to support
her and her baby? he said. We can run through the numbers together, his friend
said. A thousand a month for a two-bedroom place. You’d need that; you’d need
a room to work, a room for the kid. That’s twelve thousand. Then there’s food
and health insurance. Transportation. She’d be learning English the first year;
there’d be a bill for that. Maybe daycare. Figure twenty-five grand. That’s after
taxes. So you’d need thirty-five, forty grand. So much? whispered the journalist
in dismay.

59
The transvestites, skull-grinning with black cobwebs painted over their sparkling
eyes, didn’t tempt him, not even the ones with black bridles and nostril slits and
double eyebrow-slits cut into their sweating glistening faces leering sheer and
sweet out of darkness, but by now he’d begun to understand De Sade’s prison
scribblings when the sex object no longer mattered; an old man was as good as a
young girl; there was always a hole somewhere; but unlike De Sade he didn’t
want to hurt anyone, really didn’t, didn’t even want to fuck anyone any more
particularly; it was just that he was so lost like a drifting spaceman among the
pocked and speckled and gilded and lip-pinked grinning heads that floated in
flashing darkness, cratered with deer eyes, holding Japanese-style umbrellas like
darkness-gilled mushrooms; he was so lonely among them that he wanted to love
any and all of them even though loving any of them would only make him more
lonely because loving them wasn’t really loving them.

60
I can’t take you anywhere! the photographer cried out in anguish. Whenever a
girl asks you to buy her a drink, you buy her a goddamned drink! I can stay in a
bar for hours and tell ’em all to go screw, but you’re such a pushover it just
blows my mind. You’d better never leave your wife. You need someone to take
care of you, man!
I agree a hundred per cent, said the journalist, who like the photographer
agreed with everyone on everything; it was so much easier. He was feeling sick
again; his balls were aching. He certainly didn’t know what he’d done to deserve
that. They were drinking at the Pink Panther, where the lights reflected through
his mixed drink.
Then he felt contrite and said: In the next bar I’ll do better. I’ll watch my
money better.
So in the next bar, just barely out of sight of the Pink Panther, a woman said
to him: You buy me drink? and he said no and she said: You buy me drink? and
he said: Sure, honey. If it’ll make you happy I’ll buy you two drinks.
When at last he took all the slips from the wide teak cup and added them up,
he saw that he was short by almost five hundred baht. He had to call to the
photographer for money.
I don’t fucking believe it, said the photographer in the most genuine
amazement that the journalist had seen in a long time.

61
The two of them went back to Joy and Pukki’s to sleep. (Remember Pukki? The
journalist hardly did. She’d tried to get him to buy her out that night in Joy’s bar
when he told her he loved Oy.) They couldn’t afford the Hotel 38 any more
except on special occasions; it was three hundred baht. They’d given Joy twenty
dollars apiece, each without knowing what the other had done. Her room was an
oven at night, bright and bleak and reeking of insecticide. Splashing sounds
came from the hall, where ladies took turns doing the laundry. In the corner
crack, a foot or two below the ceiling, a hairy curled wire protruded. The wire
began to vibrate. After a while the photographer got up and pulled it; something
squeaked; it was a rat’s tail . . .
My place no good, said Joy softly. You no angry me?

62
He had gone alone to the National Museum to enjoy an hour of beauty without
love, but he was just like the photographer, who’d shouted on the bus: I can
smell a whore a mile away! because after a diversionary visit to some bird’shead swords, he found himself sniffing out Khmer art (there was more here than
in Phnom Penh! – the Khmer Rouge hadn’t forgotten much); raining his feversweat down on the courtyard grass, he stood lusting for the Bayon-style
Dvarapalas of the early thirteenth century.
The stone head leaned forward and down, not quite smiling, not quite
grimacing, the balls of its eyes bulging out like tears. Too familiar, that face; he
wished now that the photographer were here, to take a picture of it. Marina?
Maybe. Yes, Marina – another one of the whores he had been with in Phnom
Penh – plump, blurred, and round. Her mouth was definitely grimacing. He
stepped back, stood a little to the left so that her eyes could see him. She looked
upon him sadly, without interest or malice; this one was long dead. Her nose was
eaten away as if by syphilis, her breasts almost imperceptible swellings on the
rock, her navel round and deep, her vulva a tiny slit that may have been
vandalized from the same ax that cut off her right hand and left arm. She stood
square-toed and weary in the heat.

63
Short time mean we do it two time, one hour, said the Hotel 38 girl. All night
mean until twel’ o’clock. Then I go home, Papa-san.
He tried to tell her that he was a journalist, just to tell her something, just to

He tried to tell her that he was a journalist, just to tell her something, just to
reach her, and then he asked her if she understood and she said yes, and then he
wondered how many men asked her if she understood and how often she said
yes.
He showed her the rubber. You want to use this? Up to you.
Yes, she said. Good for you, good for me.
This girl cost three hundred baht. He’d told the night manager to pick one out
for him, whoever wanted to come. Be good to her! the night manager had said.
He tipped her two hundred. When he saw the expression on her face, he thought:
Well, at least once in my life I’ve made another human being completely happy.

64
You butterfly too much, Joy said to him when she and the photographer came in
that night. Too much Thai lady! No good for you, no good for her. She no good,
no good heart! She have boyfriend! Not me. I no boyfriend. I love you, I go with
you; I no love you, I no go. Before, I have boyfriend. He butterfly too much. He
fucking too much! (Joy was shouting.) One day he fucking one, two, three, four.
I say to him: OK, you no come here again, we finit. I say: You want marry me,
see Mama me, Papa me – why? He crying. He say: I don’t know. I say: You
don’t know? You finit! Finit me!
What did you think of that? laughed the photographer. Boy, you looked
scared for a minute!
He pointed solemnly to the journalist and said to Joy: He butterfly too much!

65
Lying in that absurd round bed at half-past four in the morning, he blew his
nose, cleared his throat, coughed, and spat on the floor, listening to the rain
outside while the air-conditioners droned and the blue curtains hung dirty, fat,
and listless. It was not very dark because the rooms with round beds had
windows at the tops of the doors to let hall light in, probably so that the whores
wouldn’t lose money for the hotel by falling asleep. He coughed. Finally he got
up, turned on the light, and sat alone in the middle of the round bed, weary and
calm. The shrill shouts of the whores had ceased; he could hear nothing but the
rain and the airconditioner. A big bug scuttered across the floor. (In Patpong
he’d seen the whores eating bugs roasted on a stick.) The late-night feeling went
on and on, and he cleared his throat and spat white fungus.

66
All morning and all afternoon the photographer lay in bed. The journalist
wandered in and out with his heart racing for Vanna. At the park gate two men
were playing checkers with bottlecaps on a piece of cardboard, and the journalist
went and sat beside the mud-brown lake as rain clouds guttered like greasy
candles in the sky.
He reread her letter, as he’d done every day . . .

67
Joy had told the photographer that she had to see someone before she came that
night, so she’d be late. Probably got to make some money, said the
photographer. It’s not like I’ve been giving her much . . .
She came at four or five in the morning, smiling and swaying. I drink too
much! she giggled.
Are you happy? asked the journalist quietly.
Yes, me very happy, ’cause I drink too much! I bring something for you. Here
your clothes; I wash them for you; your shirt not yet; I no iron.
The photographer lay on the bed, his eyes closed.
You angry me?
No, not angry, Joy, just tired.
Look! I got toy monkey! You see? From lady! She like me too much! You go
America Friday, I go her Saturday for holiday. No make love! No make love!
Only go with her. You not angry?
Nope, yawned the photographer.
He looked at the monkey on the bed for a while. Then he flung it to her, or at
her; what he was doing was never entirely clear. But surely he was only playing
with her.
She froze in just the same way that Thais jogging in the park freeze into rigid
attention when the national anthem comes on the loudspeaker. Then she whirled
on him. Why you do that? You angry me?
No. Just tired.
You no like me?
I like you fine, Joy.
Why you angry me?
After that, the photographer’s face hardened. The journalist knew that
something bad would happen.
Joy stood by the mirror. She had been about to undress. She fingered the
topmost button of her Patpong uniform, undoing it and then doing it up again.

topmost button of her Patpong uniform, undoing it and then doing it up again.
Then she began to speak in a rapid monotone.
You no like me? You no like me OK I go home sleep. You no like me? You
no like me?
The photographer said nothing. He didn’t even open his eyes.
OK you no like me I go. I go now. You no like me. OK.
She began to pack very rapidly. The journalist lay watching her in silence,
saddened to the bottom of his heart, knowing that there was nothing he could or
should do, nothing to do in that long, long time when she stood by the doorway
waiting and then she said: OK. I go. And she waited a little longer. Then she
turned out the light, opened the door, and shut it behind her. Now she would be
walking toward the stairs; the photographer could still have leaped up and caught
her; now she was downstairs; now she’d be walking very, very quickly in the
rain to find a tuk-tuk. Lying in the darkness, he heard the photographer groan.

68
In the morning he decided to set out for Joy’s to tell her that he was worried
about her and possibly to give her flowers or money. He arrived at Joy’s with his
heart in his throat and knocked, seeing light under the door. At least they weren’t
sleeping.
Joy? he said.
Yes, she finally said listlessly.
He went in and said: My friend no angry you. I worried you. You drink too
much. No problem. OK?
Pukki’s face had lit up when he came in, but now it dimmed. You no come for
me?
I have something for you, Pukki, he said, giving her his last twenty dollars.
The girls were not their bar selves. They sat sweating and trying to rub away
beer headaches. Two Thai boys (whom they vehemently assured him were not
their boyfriends, and he thought: Why does it have to be my business? Why can’t
they be your boyfriends? We have no claim on you; we’re only sick butterflies)
were lying on the futon. Soon Pukki began to pay the journalist his due
attentions. She sent one of the boys out to get lunch. When he came back she
spooned the journalist’s food onto the plate for him, just right. She peeled the
skin off his chicken. She poured his water while the boys ironed his shirt and
blue jeans. She had him lie down, and she sat fanning him. You good wife, he
teased, and she laughed in delight, snuggling against him. The boys massaged
his legs, calling him Papa-san and bumming ten baht off him (he gave them

twenty), and he thought: Well, I could do worse than marry Pukki; Pukki is
really a dear, dear girl . . .

69
Before long, the photographer had made up with Joy, and they had gone to buy
her some shoes with bells on them. The journalist closed the shutters finally and
sat on the unmade bed. One of the photographer’s used rubbers was on the floor.
A fresh one waited on the bureau, like a fresh battery pack ready to be plugged
in.
The bathroom door, a little ajar, was gripped by claws of humid darkness. The
dirty walls, splattered with the blood of squashed bugs, seemed his own walls,
his soul’s skin and prison. How could he set his butterfly free?
Then he remembered the Benadryl and smiled.
He got up and began to search listlessly through the first-aid kit. He felt
neither happy nor sad. For a long time he could not even find the Benadryl, but
in the end he saw that he was holding the jar in his hand.
After a while he unscrewed the top and swallowed a capsule dry. It went
down fairly easily, and so did the next, but the third one didn’t, so he took his
first swallow of beer. Eventually the bottle was as empty as his heart. In the next
room, someone coughed. He lay down on the bed, feeling a little sick, and stared
at the ceiling for a while; then he got up and turned the light out. It was very
dark. He undressed down to his underwear and got under the covers.
Later, when the dark figures bent over him and he didn’t know whether he
was in hell or whether he’d simply flubbed it, he strained with all his force to
utter the magic words: More Benadryl, muttered the journalist.

SAN FRANCISCO
Ahem! Benadryl, you know, is only an antihistamine – not one of those
profound and omnipotent benzodiazepines that can stop a man’s heart even
better than a pretty whore.
No, he didn’t really know his drugs, just as he didn’t know why all the
Cambodian whores had taken Russian trick names; but when he walked down
Haight Street one foggy afternoon after he got back, it was all buds? buds?
indica buds? get you anything? wide-eyed faces wanting to help him get high;
he’d never been offered drugs so many times at once his entire life! and he
thought: Has something about my face changed over there? Since I said yes to so

many women, is my face somehow more open or positive or special or weak?

71
Back at the city clinic again because his balls still ached, he listened to the other
victims of sexual viruses and bacteria explicating their woes: That’s what
happens when you get bored . . . Well I tole that bitch I wanna become a
personal trend . . . and I said please touch my mouth I’m a competitive body
builder and she says I wanna hug and I says ya want anything more and I dipped
her like this! and then I tole her if a man touch my doll like that I’d kill ’im! . . .
He gimme five dollahs an’ then he stick it in me an’ now I be gettin’ these night
sweats; well sistah if I was serious I was scared so I can’t be serious . . .
You should really take the AIDS test, the doctor said. How many sexual
partners did you say you’ve had in the last month?
Seven, the journalist said. No, eight. No, nine.
Well, now, said the doctor. I think that puts you in our highest-risk group,
right in this red area at the top of our AIDS thermometer. Did you know the
sexual histories of all your partners?
Oh, I know their histories all right.
Well, that’s very good, Mr Doe. Because, you see, if you didn’t know their
histories you might not be aware if they’d engaged in any high-risk behaviors
such as unprotected sex, anal intercourse, IV-drug use, prostitution . . . They
wouldn’t have engaged in any of those behaviors, now, would they, Mr Doe?
I don’t think they were IV-drug abusers.
Mmm-hmm. Now, Mr Doe, do you always use condoms?
I couldn’t go so far as to say that, doctor.
Well (the doctor was still struggling to keep a positive attitude), would you
say that you use condoms more than half the time, at least?
I did use a rubber with one of ’em once, the journalist grinned. But it was kind
of an accident.
Mr Doe, said the doctor, you really should take the AIDS test.
I’d rather not know. How about if you just wrote me a prescription for some
Benadryl? I’m fresh out.

72
With all due respect, his wife was saying, maybe even because you’re so smart, I
don’t know – but you’ve definitely got problems. (The journalist had just told

her that maybe, just maybe, they should consider a divorce.) You need analysis,
his wife said. You’ve got something to work out. You always say my family’s
screwed up – well! I’m telling you, your family’s screwed up. Really screwed
up. Actually the rest of them aren’t so bad. It’s you. Everyone thinks you’re a
freak. All the neighbors think you’re a freak, even if they’re too nice to say it
directly to me. I’m normal; I’m tired of being married to a freak.
I see that, he said.
All your friends are freaks. Either society’s rejected them or else they’ve
rejected society. They’re the lowest of the low. You’ve spent years building up a
crew of freaks.
I wouldn’t necessarily call them freaks, he said.
Tears were snailing their accustomed way down the furrows in her cheeks that
all the other tears had made, so many others, and so many from him – why not
be conscientious and say that those creek-bed wrinkles were entirely his fault?
They shone now with recognition of his guilt; they overflowed until her whole
face, sodden with snot and tears, reminded him of a beach where something
flickers pitifully alive in every wet sand bubble when the waves retreat.
And that photographer you hang out with, she said, it doesn’t do your
character any good to be with someone so irreverent.
Hearing that, no matter how sorry for her he was, he could not prevent a
happy brutal smile from worming to his lips, twisting his whole face; he could
hardly wait to tell the photographer what she’d said and listen to him laughing . .
.

73
He kept waking up in the middle of the night not knowing who this person
beside him was. After she started sleeping in the other bedroom, they got along
much better. Sometimes he’d see her in the backyard, gardening, the puppy
frisking between her legs, and she’d seem so adorable there behind window
glass that he ached, but as soon as she came in, whether she stormed at him or
tried desperately to please him, he could not feel. He could not feel! For years he
and his wife had had arguments about the airconditioner. He’d turn it on and
then she’d turn it off and he’d wake up stifling and turn it on again and then
she’d start screaming. Sometimes he couldn’t sleep. Other times he dreamed of
struggling in a blue-green jungle the consistency of moldy velvet; the jungle got
hotter and deeper and then he’d find himself in the disco again, no Vanna there
any more, only the clay-eyed skulls from the killing fields, white and brown, a

tooth here and there; from the Christmas lights hung twisted double loops of
electrical wire (the Khmer Rouge, ever thrifty, had used those to handcuff their
victims); no girls, no beer; they kept bringing him skulls . . .

SPEAKING PARTS
M. Christian

Pell remembered seeing Arc’s eye – like it was the first thing she’d ever seen.
Tourmaline and onyx. Silver and gold. A masterpiece watch set in a crystal
sphere, the iris a mandala of glowing gold. Her blinks were a camera shutter’s,
as imagined by the archetypal Victorian engineer, but built by surgical perfection
not found anywhere in Pell’s knowledge. The woman’s left eye was jeweled and
precise, clicking softly as the woman looked around the gallery – as if the
engineers who’d removed her original wet, gray-lensed ball had orchestrated a
kind of music to accompany their marvelous creation: a background tempo of
perfect watch movements to accompany whatever she saw through their
marvelous, and finely crafted, sight: Click, click, click.
An eye like that should have been in a museum, not mounted in a socket of
simple human skin and bone, Pell had thought. It should have been in some other
gallery, some better gallery – allowed only to look out at, to see other
magnificent creations of skilled hands. Jare’s splashes of reds and blues, his
shallow paintings were an insult to the real artistry of the woman’s eye.
That’s what Pell thought, at first, seeing Arc – but only seeing Arc’s perfect,
mechanical eye.
Pell didn’t like to remember first seeing her that way – through the technology
in her face. But it felt, to her, like it had its own kind of ironic perfection to deny
it. So Pell lived with the biting truth that she didn’t, at first, see Arc – for her
eye.
But later, right after she got momentarily lost in the beauty of Arc’s implant,
the woman looked at Pell with her real eye, the gray penetrating right one – and
Pell forgot about the tourmaline, onyx, silver and gold machine.
She had finally seen Arc, herself – the woman, and not the simple, mechanical

She had finally seen Arc, herself – the woman, and not the simple, mechanical
part. Next to her, the eye was cheap junk: a collection of metal, old rocks, and
wires.
She wasn’t Arc at first. First she was the woman with the perfectly created eye.
Then she was the beautiful woman. Then she was the woman where she didn’t
belong. Seeing her eye, then seeing her, Pell lastly saw her as oil, the kind of oil
you’d see pooling in the street, that had somehow managed to make its way into
a glass of wine. Agreed, it was cheap red wine – something out of a box and not
even a bottle, but, still – she was oil: she didn’t belong and that was obvious,
despite the cheapness of the gallery. You could tell, cataloging her bashed and
scuffed boots, noting her threadbare jeans, her torn T-shirt; that, amid clean
jeans and washed (and too black) turtlenecks that she was a hum, a discordant
tone in the finely meshed posing in Jare’s tiny South of Market studio.
The woman was aware of her discrepancy. She wandered the tiny gallery with
a very large plastic tumbler of vin very ordinaire, stopping only once in a while
to look at one of Jare’s paintings.
Holding her own wine tight enough to gently fracture the cheap plastic with
cloudy stress-lines, Pell watched her, stared at the tall – all legs and angles,
broad and strong – woman with the artificial eye. She tried not to watch her too
closely or too intently, sure that if she let slip her fascination she’d scare her off
– or, worse, bring down an indifferent examination of Pell: a sad ballet of a
slightly curved lip and a stare that was nothing more than a glance of the eyes.
The woman would see Pell but wouldn’t – and that would be an icy needle in
Pell’s heart.
Pell had already taken too many risks that night. She already felt like she’d
stepped off the edge and had yet to hit the hard reality of the ground. Traps and
tigers: beasts and pitfalls for the unwary loomed all around Pell. She moved
through her days with a careful-footstep caution, delicately testing the ice in
front of her – wary of almost-invisible, cloudy lines of fault. She knew they were
there; she’d felt the sudden falling of knowing that she’d stepped too far, moved
too quickly, over something that had proven, by intent or accident, not to be
there. Pell didn’t push on the surface, didn’t put all her weight, or herself, on
anything.
But then everything changed – she’d seen Arc and her eye.
The plastic chimed once, then collapsed in on itself. Turning first into a
squashed oval, the glass cracked, splintered, then folded – the white seams of
stress turning into sharp fissures of breakage. The red, freed of its cheap plastic
prison, tumbled, cascaded out and down onto her.
Pell had worn something that she knew wouldn’t fit with the rest of the crowd.

Pell had worn something that she knew wouldn’t fit with the rest of the crowd.
The official color of San Francisco, she knew, would fill the place with charcoal
and soot, midnight and ebony. White, she’d decided, would pull some of their
eyes to her, make her stand out – absence of color being alone in a room full of
people dressed in all colors, combined.
“Looks good on you.”
The shock of the wine on her white blouse tumbled through Pell with a
avalanche of warmth to her face. The decision to wear cream had come from a
different part of herself – a part that had surprised her. She’d relented –
abandoning safety for one night in the risky endeavor of wearing something that
the rest of the crowd in the tiny gallery wouldn’t. She was furiously chastizing
that tiny voice, that fashion terrorist that had chosen the blouse over other,
blacker ones, when it decided to have a last say, a last statement.
And so Pell responded, “Not as good as you would” to the tall, leggy, broadshouldered girl with the artificial eye. Which was beautiful, but not as beautiful
as the rest of her.
Pell’s reason was Jare. While secretly she could never wrap her perceptions
around the gaunt boy’s paintings, she still came when he asked. Jare, Pell,
Fallon, Rasp and Jest. They weren’t close – but then foxhole buddies aren’t
always. They weren’t in combat, but they could be. All it would take would be
one computer talking to another – no stable job history, thus conscription.
All it took were two computers, passing pieces of information back and forth.
Till that happened, they hid and watched the possibility of a real foxhole death in
a hot, sweaty part of Central America fly by.
Foxhole buddies. It was Jare’s term – some fleck of trivia that’d hung around
him. They didn’t have an official name for their tiny society of slowly (and in
some cases not too slowly) starving artists, but if they did then Pell was sure that
Jare would smile at his trivial term being immortalized among a band of toomortal kids.
That was Jare. While the rest of them tried to focus on pulling their paintings
(Pell, Jare, and Rasp), music (Jest), and sculpture (Fallon) as high as they could,
there was something else about Jare – something, like his paintings, that refused
to be understood. His techniques were simple enough, broad strokes of brilliant
color on soot-black canvas, but his reasons were more convoluted.
Or maybe, Pell had thought earlier that evening – before turning a beige
blouse red and seeing the woman with the artificial eye for the first time – they
both are simple: like his works, broad, bold statements designed to do nothing
but catch attention. He was like his paintings, a grab for any kind of attention –
an explanation too simple to be easily seen.
In the tiny bathroom, Pell tried to get the wine out of her blouse.

In the tiny bathroom, Pell tried to get the wine out of her blouse.
Contradictory old wives’ tales: first she tried cold, then hot water. The sink ran
pink and so, soon, did her blouse.
The woman with the eye stood outside the door, a surprisingly subtle smile on
her large mouth. Every once and a while she’d say something, as if throwing a
bantering line to the shy girl inside to keep her from drowning in embarrassment.
“Who’s he foolin’? I can do better crap than this with a brush up my ass.
“You should see this chick’s dress. Looks like her momma’s – and momma
didn’t know how to dress, either.
“Too many earrings, faggot. What year do you think this is?
“Hey, girl. Get out here with that shirt – better-looking than this fucking stuff
on the walls.”
Cold water on her hands, wine spiraling down the sink. Distantly, Pell was
aware that her nipples were hard and tight – and not from the chill water; that
down deep and inside, she was wet. It was a basic kind of primal moisture – one
that comes even in the burning heat of humiliation. Finally, the blouse was less
red than before. Planning to run to where she’d dropped her old leather coat to
hide the stigmata of her clumsiness, her excitement in two hard brown points,
she opened the door.
The tall woman smiled down at her, hot and strong. In one quick sweep of her
eyes, Pell drank her tall length, strong shoulders, columnar legs. She was
trapped, held fast between the hot eyes she knew must have been staring at her,
pinning her straight to her embarrassment, and the presence of the woman.
Her eye, the eye, clicked a quick chime of precision – as if expanding its
limits to encompass the totality of Pell. Pell did not mind her intense
examination. It added, with a rush of feelings, to the quaking in her belly, the
weakness in her knees.
“Gotta splash. Wait right here.”
Of course she waited.
After a few hammering heartbeats, the door opened and she came out –
butchly tucking her T-shirt back into her jeans – and Pell was again at the focus
of her meticulously designed sight.
“You live anywhere close? I’m tired of this shit. You?”
“Down the block. Just on the corner,” Pell said, trying hard not to smile too
much.
The woman downed the small sample of red in her glass and, looking for a
place to put it down, and not finding any, just dropped it with a sharp plastic
clatter on the floor. “Show me. It can’t be worse than here. Too many fucking
artists.”

“Arc. Named myself: didn’t like the one the old man stuck me with,” she said as
they walked out the front door.
Pell wanted to paint her. She refused herself.
Naturally she resisted after Arc had frowned and snorted at the gallery, at Jare’s
streaks of black on red. But she resisted for other reasons – the same reason that
she didn’t allow herself to imagine what Arc might look like under flickering
candlelight or reflective with a gleam of post-or pre-passion. Pell kept thoughts
of her lips on the tall woman or putting her hard beauty, her street wise elegance
down on rough sketch paper because she felt the night crystal . . . no, glass
around her. Fragile magic was whipping around them as they walked the short
walk from Jare’s too crowded, too noisy, too artistic space to Pell’s tiny flat. She
doubted Arc could feel it, but for Pell it was a chandelier hovering around her,
clear and invisible, but sharp and precarious – one wrong move and it would
break and she would be standing on a too busy San Francisco boulevard all by
herself.
The apartment was a score. Expensive, yes – too expensive to really live in,
but it was still a prize in a city that tried to hide the fact that one out of ten
people slept in a doorway or in an abandoned car. A friend of a friend of one of
her Foxhole Buddies had scored it – a happenstance of urban mythology: an
apartment for rent. The toilet barely worked, the shower didn’t (she’d taken to
sponging herself in the cold, slightly brown, almost yellow water from the sink)
and the only furniture she could afford was old, broken, or too ugly for even the
hungry-eyed scavengers: her mattress was on the floor, her dishes were all
chipped, her only chair wobbled like it sat on a ship at sea.
Key in lock. The same sticking door frame that forced her to lift and push.
Frantic jangling thoughts of whether she’d cleaned recently, just how many dirty
dishes were in the sink, and if she’d left her usual panties on the floor.
If the dishes in the sink had grown a brilliant fungus, or a pair of wadded
underwear stained weak colors of dirt were underfoot, her guest didn’t notice or
say. What she did, flopping hard on Pell’s bed, was smile an arc of teeth and say,
“Hungry?”
Food was not on Pell’s mind. Nothing much was, actually. The only thing that
seemed to be living between her ears was an ache to pick up a pen, pencil, or
brush and trap this woman – hold her on a piece of paper, on something she
could frame on her wall.
She nodded absently as the woman reached for Pell’s phone, dialed a number.
After a moment, she passed the phone over, saying, “Give them your cash
number. I’m tapped right now.”
The fastfood guy spoke so fast as to be all but unintelligible. The image of zits

The fastfood guy spoke so fast as to be all but unintelligible. The image of zits
and splattering grease was strong in Pell’s mind as she rattled off her numbers
and confirmed the purchase.
When she hung up, Arc was sprawled out on her bed, staring at the ceiling.
“What a crock of shit.”
Pell didn’t know what to say. All thoughts of art left her as she stared at the
woman’s soft tummy peering out like a pale, toothless smile between jeans and
T-shirt.
She wasn’t – Pell realized, sitting down in a moment of heart-hammering
bravery on the side of the bed next to her – really all that pretty. But then Pell
never really found “beauty” to hold up. Beauty, she thought to herself, was
fragile and temporary. Like the weather – rain following sun following snow.
Arc’s forehead was high, her thin brown hair pulled back into a thin severe
ponytail – so severe as to make her look as if her skull was simply painted the
color of bleached earth. Her face was luckily saved from the shallowness that
Pell had seen too many times. Her cheekbones were broad commas under her
eyes. She lived on the street – Pell knew that without asking – but she hadn’t
been run over, run down. She had stolen some of the street, used it to keep
herself strong. While it was her left eye that had caught Pell, snapped her
attention to its elegantly constructed utility, its artistic function, it was her right
eye that kept her staring, looking at the bow-string and hardwood woman. Her
right was pure gray, a kind that comes from raw iron behind heated by hard
years, then suffused with air – a wind developed from a pure determination not
to let the ground, the pavement, streets and sidewalks win. Her left eye was
technological brilliance. Her right was steel: hard and reflective.
Her body was long and lean, her legs being her best feature. They had the
strength good legs have from walking everywhere. Under her T-shirt her breasts
were small and conical, with a kind of gravity-defying shape that instantly had
Pell dreaming of their color, the way they moved; her nipples were twin dark
points, crinkled areolae visible even through the thick cotton of the T-shirt.
“You know that guy?” Arc said, still on her back, still staring at the ceiling.
Like the rest of the tiny apartment, the ceiling was bare, empty save for a thin
yellow water stain. Her eye click-click-clicked as she looked up at the ceiling.
Pell wondered what she found so fascinating. It took her a while for the
woman’s words to pass through her mind, layers of puzzling till she knew she’d
meant Jare, Jare’s show.
“Sort of. He’s a painter. Not really a friend of mine, but I help him and he
helps me sometimes.”
“Cocksucker,” Arc said, bringing herself up onto her elbows. “He owes me.
Told me to come and just hang out. He said he’d credit me. Not a lot but enough,

Told me to come and just hang out. He said he’d credit me. Not a lot but enough,
you know? I can make better for doing a lot more but this sounded easy, so I said
‘sure’. Asshole. Didn’t pay me up front, then says that he was only going to shell
out if he got enough people. Then only if someone bought one of his fucking
paintings. Fuck him.”
“He’s like that,” Pell said, seeing a quick montage of Jare approaching Arc on
the street – seeing a chance for her hard presence, her burning will. The shallow
people he’d invited to the show might not remember his paintings, his red
streaks on soft black, but they might remember her, Arc’s style and strength, and
thus him.
“You like him?” Both the steel and the steel gray eye looked at Pell.
She shook her head. “Not really,” Pell said, finally answering her question.
Her face had gotten hot under Arc’s intense perception. Click-click-click.
Cannon barrels of perception. Click-click-click. Pell wondered what she found
fascinating in her. Like her apartment, Pell was simple and plain. She knew that
and often relished in her plainness – it was a carefully constructed ring around
herself, a barrier of mediocrity. She knew her hair was dull and flat, black but
spared a kind of style. Her face, she knew, was soft and full – a dull moon. She
knew her nose was too small and her eyes too big. Her teeth were good, at least,
but they were like a child’s – delicate and fine. Her body was sturdy and that’s
how she used it. Wide hips and fat tits. She also walked everywhere but with
Pell the softness stayed, locked her down to her suburban heritage – marked her
for what she was: a tourist in the city. She had come to see it, not become a part
of it.
“Good,” Arc said, leaning back onto the bed again. “Just wanted to make
sure.”
Pell didn’t know what to say, so didn’t say anything. Half-formed words and
sentences tumbled through her mind but couldn’t congeal enough to be spoken.
So they sat together – quiet, clumsy – till the food arrived: a big black man
wearing Kevlar body armor and carrying a huge foam container marked with the
bold red swatches of Chinese characters. The food was food, and they filled the
silence with quick eating.
When the food was gone, Arc yawned: “Fuck, I’m tired.” She pulled off her
shirt, showing breasts pale and white, beautifully shaped sculptures of pale skin.
Areolae like rough brown coins, nipples like dark fingertips. “Shitty day. Good
night,” she said, crawling into Pell’s bed and fumbling for the line switch to her
broken lamp.
Pell didn’t move. Frozen, she watched her hunt.
“You coming?” the woman said finally and, not smiling, reached out and took
her hand. Her eye, her single artificial eye, looked at Pell with more warmth and

her hand. Her eye, her single artificial eye, looked at Pell with more warmth and
sincerity than did her gray, real one.
But the hand was there, out and firm. Strong and real. A gesture in more ways
than just an invitation to crawl in.
So Pell did, removing her clothes and moving into the small bed with a fluid,
natural motion that defied her quaking nervousness. Long arms, still somehow
cold from the night out, wrapped around her. Taller, Arc’s head was above her,
the woman’s breath a periodic hot wind through Pell’s hair. For the smaller
woman, Arc was a strong, corded neck and the slope of a hard chest. A fluttering
excitement surged through her, and it was all she could do to resist scooting
farther down, to see close up, to have Arc’s brown nipples close to her lips.
A rough pat in the top of her head snapped Pell out of her tense anticipation –
tilting her head up she looked into one crystal, one gray, eye . . . and a face stone
still.
The same part of Pell that wore that dress, that stepped outside her constant
fear, moved her face close and kissed Arc on her cool lips.
Click, one real, one not looked hard at her. Arc’s gaze was penetrating and
distant at the same time – holding for too long. Then she lunged – predatory and
quick – returning the kiss, but lip to lip, so hard that Pell pulled back suddenly,
fearing bruising. But ever stronger, Arc pushed further, roughly parting Pell’s
lips and striking with a hard, dry tongue.
A beat, maybe two, of Pell’s fast-hammering heart, and her tongue met Arc’s
in the hot duel. The force was strange to Pell, an oral fistfight when she was used
to dancing – but her body welcomed it, even though her mind was chilled by the
roughness: her nipples became aching points, so hard as to hurt, and deep
between her lips her clit jumped as if shocked and the hidden folds of her cunt
grew hot with moisture.
Arc’s hand was similarly hard and quick, from somewhere it came between
them – grabbing Pell’s right breast in a muscular clamp. Gentle caresses,
butterfly kisses, stroking touches . . . the shock of the grip, the strength was a
hard rush – Pell felt her cunt gush hot moisture, felt a voltage shock in her clit,
her nipples. She gasped, breaking their kiss and breathing heavy into Arc’s face .
. . who laughed, deep and brass. Grabbing the heavier girl in those two strong
arms, Arc pushed her further up the bed, flopping Pell’s bigger breasts into her
firm face. Pell started the scream, the cry, long before Arc’s teeth met on her left
nipple – but let it continue out in a sharp animal sound. On their own, her arms
reached down to push the strong woman away – to force her clamping teeth off
her nipple – but there was no strength in them, no real desire to break the agony.
Her clit, already throbbing, reached out on its own and clamped her legs together
in a thigh-clenching near-masturbation.

in a thigh-clenching near-masturbation.
Then a hand, now warm, reached down and yanked them apart. A smashing
ache snapped up through Pell – the initial throb of a sprain – but, again, she let
the pain rock up through her, just another kind of stimulus. Deep down, she was
crying – fear quaking her, making her sweat cold, her breathing shallow, but she
was also too far into it to care, to ask for it to stop. She was more scared of the
pleasure she felt, that she was so wet, that her clit was so damned hard, than
what she imagined Arc would do.
Her legs were wider apart than they had ever been before – for no one else
she’d opened them, allowed them to be forced apart. She showed her cunt to
Arc, buried under the cheap sheets – she spread, hungry, wet and open for her.
Sensation, down among the short, brown curls, the wide, wet lips, the pink
finger of her hard clit. At first she didn’t recognize it, couldn’t place it – a filling,
a firm thrust that went deep and long into her. For a moment, puzzlement and
near-panic flashed through her, and her yawning legs almost snapped shut: dick?
Was there something obvious about Arc that she’d missed?
No, that wasn’t it – besides, Pell was too far along to really care if she was
being fucked by the woman. Fingers, yes – rough, hard, fucking fingers. She
didn’t know how many . . . not one, not two, maybe three: she hoped not four.
But fingers, yes, Pell was being finger-fucked, hand-fucked, by Arc.
She repeated it to herself, a mantra, with the hard-edged and mean images that
came with it: finger-fucked in her hot, wet cunt. Fucked by a butch’s hand.
Fucked with her legs open – images, words, thoughts that would have made her
blush, now just made her cunt drip onto the cheap mattress.
Arc’s fingers became a brutal beat into her – one, two, three, four. A
hammering, as fast as she could – or almost as fast as she could. Cold fear again,
the thought of internal bruising, of warm wet from blood and not just from hot
moisture, having her cunt not just fucked but beaten.
She came – with a wave of shame and fear, thinking of hot blood, she came. It
was a hard, fast ride – a teeth-clenching, body-rigid come and slammed her soft,
spread legs down around Arc’s brutal hand in a tendon-aching lock.
The quakes went on and on and on, rolling down into a body-quiver, a whole
self tick that seemed to follow the beating of her near-spasming heart. Distantly,
she was aware that Arc was moving up the bed to spoon up next to her.
After a point Pell fell asleep, a dreamless empty, to the soft clicks of Arc’s
eye, watching her as she did so.
In the morning, Arc was gone. Though she was never proud of it, Pell spent most
of that morning looking through her cheap, broken or worthless possessions to
see if Arc had taken anything.

see if Arc had taken anything.
The inventory turned up nothing missing. Nothing was left, either. No note.
No number left conveniently for her to find. Nothing at all.
Pell spent the rest of the day staring at her pad, frozen in the middle of her
own gesture, her own reach to trap the girl in pen and ink, paint and charcoal.
She stared at it for what felt like hours, crippled by having her own natural eyes,
her own native perceptions.
After a point she got up and moved around the apartment, putting down things
and picking up others, absently cataloging the minutiae of her little life –
wondering how the woman would have seen them – either through her clickclick-clicking sight or through her gray real one so used to seeing things at a
street level.
She was two people, walking around doing nothing. One of her was
somewhere else, distant on a plane of excitement, who desperately wanted the
woman again, fevered for her hand in her wet cunt, for the pain that had been so
much a part of her pleasure. The other Pell, though, was frightened – who didn’t
want to spread her legs again – even in masturbatory memory of the night
previous: who was terrified that she had enjoyed any part of it.
One side won. Without a conscious thought, she found herself in her small
bed, the sheets still faintly smelling of herself. Rest, she told herself, tired. But
she found herself moving against the firm resilience of the mattress, pushing her
pelvis down into it, calmly relishing in the memory, the sensations. After a point,
she knew she could not go any further – couldn’t escape, so she brought her
hand down between her legs, finding herself wetter, her clit harder, than ever she
could remember.
At first she started down a very familiar road – one finger gingerly, softly
stroking her hard nub . . . but Arc intruded – or rather the hard memory of her.
Just one finger wouldn’t do; soft thighs pressed together wouldn’t work. No,
after a single moment of fear and shame, she parted her legs – again – as wide as
she could and slipped two of her own fingers (three being too frightening) into
the molten wetness of herself.
She imagined a lot of things, under the cool sheets of her small bed. Arc’s
touch, the sight of her brown nipples, the cool strength of her in the bed, and
then she came, she bellowed and roared in a powerful wave . . . thinking of a
slight amount, just the tiniest trace, of blood on come-slick fingers as Arc had
fucked her the night before.
Sleep again, this one lit by dreams of crystal and gray – of clockwork clicks
and a cool presence, burning but also remote, removed. After a long few hours,
she awoke to darkness beyond the dirty windows.
Getting up to shower, and prepare something simple and cheap to eat, she
noticed the bill, laying forgotten and discarded near the crumpled remains of the

noticed the bill, laying forgotten and discarded near the crumpled remains of the
night before. The meal had been expensive. Very. And Pell could not help but
think, couldn’t stop herself from pondering, how much Arc charged for a night,
and if that amount was the same as a very expensive meal of Chinese food.
Pell hadn’t forgotten her. It was a long time, yes, a week and some days, but
Arc’s memory was strong in her mind. At first it bothered Pell a lot to have the
tall woman’s face, mannerisms and voice still lurking around every corner in her
mind. But soon it became a background of the city, a rhythm to her existence.
Water from the faucet was Arc washing her hands after eating. A window was
how she’d seen the woman’s face reflected there, caught her watching Pell again
with her steel-gray and just plain steel eye. Her dirty underwear on the floor
pinged a memory of the fear she’d felt, walking into her place that night. It took
her a long time to finally pick them up and add them to her laundry bag – simply
because she subtly enjoyed the memory of that rush of panic at seeing them: the
first time they’d been together.
Other memories, the first sight of Arc’s hard nipples, her teeth setting down
onto Pell’s own, Arc’s fingers slamming into her wet cunt. The ornate mandala
of her artificial eye, the clicking of her examination, the music of Arc’s sight:
How could she ever forget?
No, she hadn’t forgotten, but when the buzzer sounded she actually wasn’t
thinking of her. She was working, having caught sight of a book’s partial title in
a store window the day before: The Peacock . . . The images that’d tumbled
through her imagination at seeing those words brought her almost running back
to her tiny place and forced her pencil into her hand. The Peacock Eye was what
she thought she’d read, though she was sure that wasn’t the title, and that was
what she started to draw. First with smooth sweeps of charcoal and graphite and
then with a fine camel-hair brush that’d cost her breakfast, lunch and dinner for
three days, she started in.
An hour later, the eye started to look like the image she’d formed from that
half-seen book. She was lost and alone, caught up in the storm of sketching. It
was a good feeling to be not herself, to be captured by the pursuit of the work. It
felt great not to just sit on the edge of her bed and let the room, and everything in
it, remind her of Arc and that night.
The medium was paper, ink, charcoal and graphite. The image was the eye on
the end of a peacock feather. She’d filled its center with geometries and forms
like steel gears, compass points, brass fittings, screws and miniature bolts. The
form seemed to stare out at her with a cool logic, an immaculate watchmaker’s
perception.

perception.
Then she heard it, deep inside her mind – shattering the turmoil of creation:
Click-click –
– click.
Then the buzz of her doorbell. Getting up, numb from the hard revelation that
Arc still lived deep within her, she went to the door.
“I need someplace,” the tall woman said from the street, looking up at Pell
through the heavy iron security gate with one hard, cold mechanical eye, and one
red-rimmed with a patina of almost tears.
She wouldn’t talk – at least, not much: “Just let me sit over here, OK?” was what
she said, coming in and sitting in the left-hand corner of the room, wedged in
between Pell’s kitchen door and her brick-and-board bookshelf. There, she
slumped over so that her head rested on the dog-eared familiarity of Carroll’s
The Basketball Diaries.
Drawing her long legs almost up to her chin, Arc closed both her eyes –
bloodshot real and too clear, too crystal, artificial, and gently rocked back and
forth.
Pell wanted to touch her, wanted to pull the woman into her arms and mimic
that rocking, to take her back to a place where, somewhere, she was small and
vulnerable. But she didn’t. It wasn’t that she wasn’t able to – it was as if a cold
truth had dropped down onto her shoulders: that this, what she was seeing, was
just about all of Arc. If she did go down there, drop down into the pain, then she
might be walking through the woman’s last shut door, last safe place.
So she didn’t, though she wanted to.
Instead, for three hours without moving, she sat on the edge of her mattress
and calmly watched Arc. For those three hours, Arc remained as she had been
since she walked in: head on the softness of a well-read paperback, knees
pressed into her strong skin, eyes closed. The only sounds she made were her
rattling breaths, in and out, past lungs that had either cried too much or could
break the clouds to start, and her eye – which, soft, muffled, clicked and gently
whirred within her puffy lid.
After three hours Pell had to go piss. After, she made some Darjeeling tea and
put it at the woman’s feet. Arc didn’t stop making her two noises, didn’t open
her eyes (one fake, one real).
Pell went back to her bed, her mattress, and watched Arc till her eyes grew hot
and heavy.
She must’ve, she realized with some horror, fallen asleep – but the
embarrassment and disgust with herself was tempered with silk and a single hot,
slow, breath on her eyelids and forehead – faded with the tender sensation of

slow, breath on her eyelids and forehead – faded with the tender sensation of
Arc’s long, lean body slowly slipping into the bed.
Cool, almost cold, before – Arc was warm, near burning, and her skin seemed
. . . real, silken. For a long time, they just held each other – an embrace of soft
skin, of breaths mixing on each other’s shoulders. Pell remembered Arc’s slow,
ragged breathing, the way she seemed to suck each breath in on the verge of a
shattering moan. Then – after how much time, Pell could never be certain – Arc
moved forward and kissed Pell’s shoulder – as much as the roughness before,
this kiss sent even more current tingling through her. It didn’t seem to be Arc
behind the kiss as much as the small child within her. It was a hungry kiss, a kiss
of reassurance – the same kind of grounding happened when her strong hands
reached up and cupped both of Pell’s heavy breasts.
It wasn’t so much sex. Pell realized afterwards, as something simpler . . . if
not love, then just need. A need for touch, sensitivity, contact. Even when Arc’s
lips dropped down to Pell’s soft nipples and started to kiss them, then suck, it
was more a comfort, more a simple need than a burning passion. Still, lips were
lips, and Pell felt her body respond – a growing fire deep in her cunt. Not a
throbbing excitement, no, but still an excitement all the while – and, despite the
heavy silence in the tiny apartment, she found her throat purring out deep vowels
of pleasure.
In the soft, warm darkness, touching Arc’s skin was like touching something
too hot, too smoldering. Maybe it was because she’d been crying, been holding
herself too tight, too much together – but the heat was there, nonetheless. As Pell
slowly slid her hands down the tall woman’s long form, she mixed new sounds
with her bass purr – a kind of hissing excitement, a sensual amazement that one
person could be so hot, so burning.
Soon – very soon – a patina of sweat slid under her fingertips, making it easier
for her to see Arc’s body with her touch. Uniqueness added puzzlement to her
amazement. Pell’s was soft, full – gentle belly, plump breasts, large nipples, soft
ass – but this one, this woman in her arms, allowing her to touch, she was so
different, so unique. Soft, yes; her skin was like oil over polished marble – the
architecture of her body was quick and sudden . . . no languishing valleys, but
rather hip-bone, cords of firm muscles, rib, rib, rib, the even hotter swell of a
breast – even more silken, soft – the surprising roughness of a hard nipple
skipping across her fingertips, even more heated breath on her shoulder.
Muscles, her body was like a finely honed tool – sharp and hard, but there was
something else, lurking just on the edge of her senses: tears, maybe? Arc seemed
more open, more real than the tall city warrior Pell had seen those other days,
other nights. Her hand slipped down, found iron-firm thighs pressed too tight
together, felt a brief scratchy tangle of ill-kept pubic hairs. Gently – because she

together, felt a brief scratchy tangle of ill-kept pubic hairs. Gently – because she
wasn’t altogether familiar – Pell pushed them apart.
Arc could have stopped her. Pell really had no chance of victory in their
match: those cords of honed muscle could have easily stayed locked, could
easily have resisted even Pell’s most frantic of attacks. Maybe tears? Maybe
because Arc seemed to be burning up with a tightly-controlled fever of need –
supposition, wonder for another day. The fact was, Pell gently pushed and – very
slowly – Arc spread her strong legs aside for her.
The smell of her excitement was harsh and rich. Pell found herself, in the
dark, sucking it in through her nose – a long nasal tone. It was so unusual, so
strange . . . her own cunt, she knew, was almost odorless, tasteless. But Arc’s, it
seemed, had a hard-edge kind of smell – a deep, natural smell that reminded Pell
of locker-rooms, of her own pits after a long walk. It wasn’t unpleasant – but
then Pell didn’t think that anything about Arc could ever have been that.
For some reason, putting her lips to where her fingers slowly explored never
crossed her mind. Later – after dawn – she’d regret it, but understand a bit. She
was inside more than her lips and tongue ever could be: the strong woman had
parted herself, opened herself out of need. Pell was in her deepest parts – to
simply stick her face down there and lick . . . like pissing in church.
So it was with her narrow fingers that Pell explored her. First, that tangle that
continued from a hard mons down into a even thicker one. It was a complex
knot, something that Pell instantly knew may not have been untied by gentle
touches for a long time. She hesitated, stroking calmly up and down the hairs for
a minute, two, uncertain how much to push. But the heat – the burning fires of
Arc, the gentle glide of her body next to her, the smell of sweat, and cunt, finally
pushed her into executing a gentle parting.
Wet . . . so wet. Wetter than anything Pell had ever felt – like thick, hot soup.
Between them, a kind of steam built – something that completely obscured
reason. Normally, Pell would never have been so bold, but with her finger
slowly licking up and down Arc’s hot, hot cunt . . . from deep cunt-hole to the
hard, hard point of her too erect clit . . . she had to do something with her mouth.
Arc’s was too far away, a hot bellows on the top of Pell’s head, but something
else was just as close . . . and just as tasty. In a beat of her heart, Arc’s left nipple
was in her mouth. Salt. Knotted hardness, the smoothness of the rest of Arc’s
breast against her cheek, her lips. Pell sucked, filling the early part of her mouth
with Arc’s nipple. All she could hear was the pounding of her own heart, the
heaving breaths of Arc, and the whispering of the sheets as they slid over her
body.
Movement . . . Arc twisted her body slightly, shifting herself onto her back.
For a moment, her nipple popped free of Pell’s hungry lips. A frown whipped

For a moment, her nipple popped free of Pell’s hungry lips. A frown whipped
across Pell’s mouth, but the heat was on her and – beyond reason or thought –
she quickly climbed on top of the larger woman, spreading her legs wide to
straddle her – lips again seeking the cool wetness of her well-sucked nipple. It
took some twisting of her own, but in a moment Pell’s hand was once again deep
in Arc’s hot cunt.
Another slight twist, Arc lifting her body slightly – frightened for a moment
that this was some kind of way of trying to get her to stop, Pell released the hot
nipple and tried to see Arc’s face in the darkness. Nothing. Nothing but a soft
sound, the sound Arc had been making all that time – a kittenish moan, a
childish groan. The hand was a shock, but one that built the heat right up again –
Arc’s hand hunting out for Pell’s, taking it and pushing it back down into Arc’s
molten cunt.
Again, Pell started to work her, feeling her own cunt turn fluid, melt in its own
hot juice. As her fingers energetically worked Arc’s lips, hole, clit and all three
quickly, Pell felt something – a glancing touch. For a moment, puzzlement
flashed through her – then she realized, the knowledge like a skyrocket bursting
through her. So fast, hot and bright that Pell had to put her own free hand down
between her own hot thighs, into her own volcanic recesses. So hot, so tight, so
good.
Meanwhile, Arc continued to fuck her own asshole with one, then two, then
three fingers. The bed softly smelled of earth, shit and hot cunts.
Arc came, a primal female cry – deep and bass. Her body went rigid, a board
with tits, a hard body pushed to the limits of hardness. Her breath exploded into
Pell’s face as she panted, heaved and cried out.
Pell felt her come – felt Arc’s hands work her asshole as Pell’s worked her
cunt. Later, Pell couldn’t remember if she’d come as well – the explosion from
Arc was so special, so shattering, that it had torn away any memories Pell had
had of anything she’d been feeling. That moment was pure Arc – a night in a
secret, deep church. She’d been lucky to have witnessed the service, the ecstatic
blessing being a witness.
Sleep came like a velvet blanket thrown over Pell. No dreams, again, but the
cloudy memory of sometime during the night, a kiss landing on her cheek.
The next morning she awoke to find Arc, again, gone.
Pell saw her again, soon after. Living in the city for as long as she had (was the
difference between tourist from the suburbs and resident?), Pell was finally
starting to understand the clockwork of its people. A day or so before and the
desperate Sad-SACs would be prowling for anything or anyone that could mean
bucks till their next Subsistence Allotment Check. A day or so after and the
streets would be filled with walking psychotic landmines – having spent their

streets would be filled with walking psychotic landmines – having spent their
biweekly fortunes on whatever chemicals they preferred.
The fifteenth or so of the month was the best time to go out and get supplies.
Anyone who depended on their Subsistence Allotment Checks would be too
busy haunting their mail drops or be too happy that they would be coming to
bother her. Random crazies were impossible to predict – so you always expected
someone or something. Feeling good that she’d taken living in the city to heart
enough to anticipate street insanity made Pell feel more like a resident, less like
a prisoner.
The day was crisp, edging towards too warm. But since the HotFaceTM
personal scorcher her father had given her was too big to carry in a pants pocket,
she had to wear her leather coat again. Stepping out and quickly locking up her
place, Pell knew – with a flash of heat as quick and as sharp as the single small
arm’s round that echoed from the Minimal Income Housing Facility up the street
– that she’d be sweating streams by the time she made it to the market, two
blocks away.
The street was vibrant in the unexpected sunlight. The expectation of income
made the Sad-SACs giddy and flirtatious, without the cruel desperation which
other days – such as when the money started to run out – brought to their eyes.
Pell’s place was one of a sagging parade of typical San Francisco tattered
Victorians. Hers was somewhere between the worst – metal-plate windowshields bolted to rotten wood, the whole bay front sagging from the weight of
too much fear – and the best – a lady’s paint only five years too old, streamers of
older, better paint jobs, peeling from its peaked roof. Hers was simply gray, with
boxed edges from a previous owner who had somehow decided to convert 1890s
gingerbread to 1950s stucco.
Keeping her hand in the ring-trigger of the HotFaceTM, Pell moved among
Sad-SACs looking expectant, happy and always hungry, other kids with haunted
looks that meant that they, too, were hovering on the edge of conscription, and
the usual buzzing fringes either too far gone or too keenly focused to match
either population.
Pell guessed that she probably appeared as the latter – her eyes clouded
inward with a sudden thought of Arc. A fat, black ball of a man, legs spindly
twigs, arms twitching from involuntary palsy rolled by in a homemade electric
cart – its donut wheels compressed down by his bulk till they acted more like
treads. Pell noticed absently that he was naked, and shined with a contouring
mirror of perspiration as he rolled towards and past her. His left eye was a
tubular prosthetic, darkly tunneling forward as he rolled.
A Latino boy proudly displayed willingness to drop off the dole and into
combat by obviously spending most of his SAC on a pair of intense insect green,

combat by obviously spending most of his SAC on a pair of intense insect green,
surely-as-soft-as-silk pants, and a beautiful purple coat fringed with antique
wooden rosaries as he moved with dancing steps from behind her, to next to her,
to beyond her. His face was long and thin, with an expertly precise mustache.
The fingers on his artificial left hand were a dull matte of industrial design,
humming butterflies as he played an invisible guitar, or clicked the trigger of an
imaginary weapon.
Like a pool of deep cultural waters, a small knot of black-shrouded Arab
women flowed by across the street. It was hard to say their numbers as their
hands and eyes (all that was visible) seemed to churn and emerge from one
unifying mass of their robes. Watching them but not really looking at them. Pell
caught one foot as it emerged from the cloth, it was chrome leading to a finelymachined ankle and, no doubt, ending in an artistically-created leg.
A callow-faced young woman slouched in a doorway, hardness in her
downcast eyes. The street had carved years on her cheeks and body with scars –
like a prisoner’s years sloppily etched on the walls of a cell. She wore a pair of
slashed fatigues splashed with white and black urban camouflage, and an ancient
T-shirt that might have said something a long time ago. As Pell walked past, she
caught a glimpse of the girl’s ancient steel-and-tubular arm, bent and broken,
hydraulics (of all things) splattering her old uniform with glossy oil. She
wrapped her mechanical in her real, covering it – as if its malfunctions were
disgusting, to be hidden.
The street rolled by her as she walked. A parade of average people. Keeping
her hand on the tiny flame-thrower, she walked past a cross-section of the city.
Reaching the corner (halfway there) she was gently surprised that she hadn’t
thought of Arc – and her eye – as she’d passed those who also opted for the
cheaper-than-replacement option. It felt good, a surprising justification for the
way she felt about the tall woman.
A reflection caught her eye as she waited for the light to change, a convoy of
squat Army personnel carriers roaring by at a shuddering 50 mph – automatic
guns calmly tracking her heat signature, seemingly too eager for their masters to
release them to the task they were assembled for. Needing an excuse to escape
the high velocity intensity of the tracking guns, she turned.
Something bright lanced into her eye, a splinter of sunlight off something
silver and gold. Tourmaline and onyx. A chance of stature, placement and angle
of reflection. Arc’s eye gleamed at her from across the street as the woman
turned, saw her, and smiled – quick, reflex – before frowning and turning to
walk away, fast.
It was days later. The few groceries Pell was able to afford were safely in her

It was days later. The few groceries Pell was able to afford were safely in her
cabinets and her rattling refrigerator. Jare, who’d vanished since that night at the
gallery, had shown up on her doorstep two days before, tears gagging in his
throat as he carefully unfolded the conscription notice that’d been slipped under
his door. It had taken most of the night for her to calm him down – and, still,
even after she’d finally managed to get him to stop crying for more than two
minutes and out the door, he seemed ready to break into a pile of pure porcelain
at any moment.
She hadn’t heard from him since. The Conscription Notice had told him to
report to the Treasure Island Induction Center in two weeks. She suspected he
was either hiding in his tiny apartment, too petrified to move, or was, in vain,
trying to scheme his way out of it.
A sense of calm had visited Pell. She knew it was an eye, that winds were
tearing apart everything she knew just outside her door but, still, her heart beat
regular and her breathing was clockwork. She knew it was just a matter of time
before she got her own notice. She had worked through most of her SAC money
already. The dream that she was going to be able to fulfill the government’s cold
illusion of crawling up the economic ladder with her SAC money was almost
over. Wide awake and startlingly calm, she slowly began to clean her apartment.
The door buzzed.
“You going to let me in?” Arc said from the landing, looking up with a pure
white smile. Her eyes were hidden behind cheap black sunglasses.
Arc was strong. That was one of the things that reached between the two of them
and tugged, hard, at Pell’s heart. But it was a kind of strong that was precious
and priceless because, for Pell, it had come with tears. The strong only share
their tears with you if you’re special, trusted.
“New?” Pell said as she tried to make good coffee out of freeze-dried beans
and yellowish tap water.
“Nice, isn’t it?”
Pell wasn’t looking but she knew that Arc was – staring at her own right hand
with a connoisseur’s squint, daring its perfection to show her a loose screw, a
matted sensor dot, a dull gleam to the polished metal. Her concentration was a
Geiger-counter series of clicks from her eye.
Arc had tried to show it to Pell without really waving it under her nose – so,
instead, the street girl had acted like a child trying to catch the eye of an adult, to
have Pell notice, to ask, about the new prosthetic.
“He’s a freak – but at least the fucker’s got taste.”
It was beautiful. There was no denying that. It didn’t have the jeweler’s
magnificence of her eye but, still, it had the clean loveliness of a perfect

magnificence of her eye but, still, it had the clean loveliness of a perfect
machine. Minimal extravagances, no filigree or bevels. It was the beauty of a
revolver, the sensual streaming of a missile. Pure form has its own form of
elegance.
“Japanese tech. All the way. See the chop at the wrist. Danomoko. Grow the
whole thing in solution, I hear. Just feed juice to those little robots and they grow
the thing. Stronger than fuck. Neurofibre optical hookup to meisomolecular
fibres. Feels just like a hand, moves just like one, too – but motherfucking fast
and strong.”
Cool metal glided along Pell’s cheek. She shivered, mostly from the coldness
of it. Looking down at the hand, she saw the puckered ring of tissue where it
mated to Arc’s wrist, a rubber gasket. Absently she noted the hand wasn’t black
at all, as she’d first thought, but a deep kind of blue. Like, she imagined, the blue
that the sky gets just before it passes into space. Dark to the point of
lightlessness.
“Wasn’t expensive, actually,” Arc said, stepping back and running it – her
hand – up and down the corded muscles in her strong legs. “Not that he told me
or anything. I thought about having it taken off, you know? Replace it with a
cheaper one and pocket the change but, hell, I thought it’s a fine hand, right?
Besides, gotta keep the freak coming back for more. Wouldn’t do to see him
with a cheap thing stuck on my wrist.”
“That makes sense,” Pell said, turning from the cheap microwave with two
steaming cups of almost, but not quite, coffee in her hand.
Arc patted the bed with her new hand. Pell sat down next to her and, for some
reason, put her head on the taller woman’s shoulder.
Arc got quiet and tensely sat up straight. The motion was soft, though – not a
twitch and definitely not a pull-away. Just a slight electric shock of the contact.
After a few thudding heartbeats, Pell felt Arc’s new metal hand reach up and
stroke her ugly brown hair.
Neither said anything for a long time. Arc repetitively stroked Pell’s hair and
Pell did nothing but let her. Finally, Arc moved a bit more than usual, a kind of
squirming on Pell’s old mattress, and Pell straightened up. Her head felt loose
and full of sparkles, like she’d held her breath for too long.
“Hey,” Arc said, turning to look at Pell with her one steel and one steel gray
eye, “I saw where your friend lived – but it don’t look like he’s there any more.
Get sent?”
Pell nodded. “Month or two ago. Could have probably slipped to Australia but
he waited too long.”
“Hey, if we’re lucky, maybe he’ll buy it, ya know? One less artist to worry
about . . .”

Arc laughed and so did Pell, even though it wasn’t funny. After a point they
stopped talking, it got dark, and they snuggled together under Pell’s old sheets.
Pell expected the new hand to get in the way, to be a burst of shocking cold
when Arc touched her: but was surprised when, if she closed her eyes, she could
almost not feel the difference.
Almost not feel the warm metal of Arc’s hand – grown in a vat of microscopic
robots, sold to a mystery, given as a present, or as part of an exchange –
Almost not feel the strength of it – a strength beyond that which Pell loved in
Arc. As she touched Pell, it seemed not to be the same contact – to come from
the same woman. Arc’s touch was gentle, yes, loving . . . if that could be the
word. But it was also fast, covering Pell’s slightly larger, definitely softer body.
Not a slow progression, as before . . . lips, chest, breast, nipple . . . more hurried,
rushed: straight to her already swollen nipple, the cooler fingers of the artificial
hand gripping tighter than before, much faster.
They had not even completely crawled under the covers before Arc’s hand
grabbed her. In shock, Pell pulled away, sending a bolt of agony through her
body when Arc’s hand did not let go. After, Pell thought – believed – that
perhaps the mechanism just wasn’t responsive enough. She knew it was a lie, but
she had to believe it, nonetheless.
Pell turned, eventually freeing herself. Turning, she sat and looked at Arc as
the taller woman crawled into the old bed. Her eyes glimmered – the artificial
with the click, click, click stare of her perception, the gray with a shimmering
concentration. The lights were on this time, neither of them moving to turn them
off.
The gunmetal hand reached out and laid itself, warm and cool at the same
time, on Pell’s inner thigh. Reflexively, Pell started to close it – but Arc pushed
with its artificial strength, spreading Pell even wider. To hide the nerves that
made her shake like the room was cold (it wasn’t), Pell laughed – but it sounded
like Arc’s new hand: artificial and cool.
“I want to fuck you,” Arc said, looking straight into Pell’s eyes. Click, click,
click and cool gray. There was a strength there – that strength: a dramatic
firmness, a theatrical burst of power. Pell felt her knees go weak and her cunt
start to warm . . . soften, melt.
The hand started to stroke her, slowly, up and down – swell of her ass-cheeks
to the tuft of hair at the top of her mons. Up and down, up and down, fine
mechanics following the contour of Pell’s cunt, fingers sweeping through her
tangle of pubic hairs. Back and forth, up and down – then one finger, out a bit
more than the others, slipped between her lips. The motion slowed, hesitated –
the finely-machined metal was cool, but not cold. She could feel its hardness
press up, against the opening to her deep cunt. Arc held it there – held her new

press up, against the opening to her deep cunt. Arc held it there – held her new
hand there – and Pell could feel her own pulse against the cool metal.
“I’m going to fuck you –” brass in those words, a metal as hard as her new
hand. Pell, frightened and filled with a chilling excitement for the power in Arc’s
voice, grabbed a pillow from behind her and positioned it – quickly, feverishly –
so she could lean slightly forward, to get a better view.
Click, click, click – Arc’s view seemed to synch with hers, the taller woman’s
gray, artificial sight was between Pell’s passionately spread legs, hypnotized by
her own actions, by the slow up-and-down, up-and-down of her artificial fingers
between Pell’s moist cunt-lips.
The hand was smooth, its action more precise, more finely engineered than
anything Pell had ever seen. Where she’d expected joints, hinges, sockets, and
the like, instead there seemed to be immaculate mechanisms. She couldn’t tell
exactly how – a combination of every hinge, every joint, or a Japanese paperfolded mentality of design – but the gunmetal flesh of the hand just seemed to
move. It was more a study in flesh and blood, executed in machined metals, than
an approximation of a hand’s actions.
And two, then three, of its blue-steel fingers were deep inside of her.
No fingernails. She’d noticed that. Smallish indentations, yes, but not
cosmetic details. Watching the first two fingers of Arc’s new artificial hand, her
metal prosthesis, slide in and out of her cunt, Pell had a clear view of the thumb
– a space, that small bit of sculpture, a bow to the needs of some woman,
somewhere, to paint their metal art with some kind of gaudy color. For Arc,
though, it remained blue-steel, polished. It was its own art, its own beauty.
Four, and hard steel tapped against Pell’s G-spot. The shivering started then,
the pressure deep within herself. Like taking a piss, like holding it back. A kind
of slow, building force that started somewhere inside her cunt and spread,
tightness, firmness, up through her body.
She shivered – just slightly. In and out, in and out, the fingers precisely fucked
her. “I’m fucking you,” growled Arc, locking a click, click, clicking stare into
Pell’s quivering eyesight. For a beat, or thousand, of their hearts they locked like
that – Pell into gray and machinery, Arc into Pell’s softer eyes. Hold, hold, hold
– Pell thought she was close, on the lip, looking down to where the real Arc lay,
hiding. Then a clicking, hard, blink, and Arc turned her head away, looked to the
side, and then down – down to where her false hand was fucking Pell’s very real,
and very wet cunt.
Four. Pell knew it must have been that number – in concentration and to
remove herself from the memory of Arc breaking the stare, she leaned slowly
back and closed her eyes, trying to lose herself in the in-out, in-out fist-fucking.

back and closed her eyes, trying to lose herself in the in-out, in-out fist-fucking.
It wasn’t a hard rhythm, yet, wasn’t a hard fuck, yet.
“Now I’m really going to fuck you.” Strength touching on anger, firm words
from Arc. Four fingers and something else, a new – sharper – kind of pressure.
Pain. Pell screamed – no, cried – no, yelled. She made some kind of noise, a
mix and match – her own kind of strange movement to match the elegant
watchmaker workmanship of Arc’s hand. It was a sound that went all kinds of
way at once. Frightened – both from the sound and the tearing pain between her
legs – Pell put her hand down – quick – and tried to stop Arc’s thrusts . . .
. . . no fingers. A hard steel wrist, a ring of rubber where artificial met natural,
a seam of skin. No fingers there – all of them gone, hidden deep within her own
cunt.
The reach to stop became a reach to explore. Moving herself carefully up, Pell
reached down between her legs and touched, keeping her eyes tightly closed.
Arc wasn’t fucking her – just wrist, rubber gasket, slick skin, hard metal –
suspended in her cunt.
Pell started to breathe hard, fast. The orgasm came, quick and hard, from a
direction she didn’t expect – the surprise, fear and shame forcing her eyes even
more closed. It was a soft come, a jittering come. No screams, no cries, no lipbiting, not even a clamping together of her wide-open legs. It was a body-rush,
an electrical charge that went from dull glow to brilliant light.
The shame was a heat on her face, in her cunt. The ghostly image continued to
hover, just out of reach, just out of understanding, on the verge of her mind. She
didn’t want to see it, but also felt its allure was too strong to bury away.
Arc, slowly, started to fuck her harder and harder – wet noises from between
her legs, feeling to Pell like somewhere distant, removed. Dimly, she was aware
that she was even wetter than before, that her juices were flowing, streaming
down onto Arc’s brand-new hand. No, not juice – piss, maybe. It felt like
something inside herself had just let go, draining out of her. She let it, entranced
by the feel of the fluid pouring out of her, and the sense of hot release.
A second orgasm – more familiar and welcome – rocked her, tearing her eyes
open, forcing her shaking hand down between her legs, feeling the gasket again,
the hot skin again, the cooler metal – again – but this time the fast, then slowing,
piston action. As she touched, then gripped – hard – Arc’s wrist, the clenching of
her cunt around the metal prosthesis slowed, dimmed. It didn’t stop, not for a
long time.
“Push,” Arc finally said, and she did: like birthing or taking a shit – a swelling
pressure, a bearing down, and she eased out the metal. Even though her eyes
stayed closed, she opened them long enough to catch a sight of glistening metal
fingers, flexing and flashing in the dim light, strands of cunt-juice webbing

fingers, flexing and flashing in the dim light, strands of cunt-juice webbing
between them, the smile on Arc’s face . . . that might – just might – have been as
cold as the metal they were made of.
The mattress was soaked from her ejaculate. Wordlessly, Arc pushed her off –
making Pell a little nest of the faded blankets, the pillows, that had escaped the
drenching, and neatly flipped it over. Watching her through slit eyes, Pell knew
that the stain, the dampness, would linger, but was beyond caring.
Then, carefully so as not to disturb her, Arc moved her back, tucked her in and
– just before the silence that came before sleep – squeezed her throbbing asscheeks with her new metal hand, and said in a gruff voice: “You are a good
fuck.”
The last thought Pell had that day, before being drawn down into unknown –
forgotten – dreams, was that she’d wished that Arc had really fucked her, really
touched her with – hard flash of fear and shame again, the image that had pushed
her over into that first come – even the raw skin of her fleshy arm, the cauterized
stump of her real self.
They stayed together for most of the next day, rolling to and from Pell’s bed
stopping only to make bad coffee and sprint through the chill, nipping air of the
apartment.
It was a sweet time – as if the hard sunlight that streaked through Pell’s
windows had somehow pushed aside the shadows of the night before. Arc’s
kisses were passionate, and several times the thought of bruised, purple lips
skated across Pell’s mind, but they were gentle in her way – and lingered long
enough for a dancing touch of tongues.
One time, reason forgotten, Pell had gotten up – gone to the stained sink and
washed her hands. Arc had stepped up behind her, a cat tracking a spot of light
on the floor, and grabbed her – first her ass, which made Pell yip like a startled
child, and then, when she whipped around, hands still dripping, her tits. Arc had
held her there, hands on her tits, fingers (some real, some metal) rubbing
casually back and forth across her soft, then hard, nipples. Then Pell had leaned
forward, just a little, and closed her eyes. The kiss had felt soft, fleeting, and all
too real – a real kiss from the real Arc.
She’d also made Arc laugh. Hard and real. It was a treasure, a prize. They’d
been kissing – just that – lost in the landscape of each other’s lips, the sweetness
of their breaths, when that other, that loud and rambunctious part of Pell, reached
down and tickled the tall street girl under the ribs.
Arc had exploded in a booming, percussive laugh that had rung and bounced
around the tiny apartment like a frisky dog. Arc had wiped tears from her face,
returned the tickle and told Pell that if she did it again she’d “Break your face.”

returned the tickle and told Pell that if she did it again she’d “Break your face.”
A short time later, as more and more sunlight slowly started to come in the
dirty windows, exhausted, they slipped into the cool, slightly smelly bed. They’d
held each other for a long time, spooning together, unintentionally matching
their in and out breaths. Slowly, Pell had slipped quietly into a sleep. She’d
dreamed of floating, drifting on a lake dotted with the mountain ranges of pure
white clouds, like warm, insubstantial icebergs.
When she awoke, Arc was gone.
The next time, it’d been raining. Pell had seen her before, in the rain, but this
time Arc’s urgency scared her. Pell had been asleep, rolling in and out of halfremembered dreams, worried because the Foxhole Buddies hadn’t heard from
Jare in over three weeks. She didn’t really miss him, her embarrassment and
self-hate over that a burning kind of ache behind her eyes, but it was a reminder
that his fate could be any of theirs. That day she’d checked her bank account,
compared it with the SAC statement of the week before. She’d stared at the
flimsy paper strips for long, heart-rapping minutes, trying to perform some kind
of mathematical legerdemain on them to make them calm her panic. But no
matter how many times she added, subtracted and counted on whatever extra
income she could acquire, the verdict was still zero in six months. Ten if she
didn’t eat. A year and a month if she moved out and lived on the street.
The bed was a safe haven. She’d not washed the sheets, or thoroughly dried
the mattress, since Arc had spent the night. The smell of her – of them – was a
bath that she floated in, not having to put her head out to face the next day or the
one after that.
The buzzer was a scream of reality, one that almost forced her back under the
covers. She almost ignored it, leaving the world outside to vanish in the
surprisingly hard spring rains. But then someone started banging on the gate –
the sharp percussive clangs rattled up and through her apartment, making her
teeth ache and her eyes squeeze shut.
Then a voice carried against the clamor, just a few pieces of words – not
enough to make any kind of sense. But the tones spoke direct and hot to her.
Wearing only a large T-shirt, Pell stood in the doorway, looking down at Arc.
The woman had a large plastic garbage bag over her head and was pounding on
the metal gate with her matt black hand. “Are you going to let me in or what?!”
she screamed, panic rippling through those tones that had got Pell out of bed.
Inside, Arc threw the bag aside and grabbed a pile of Pell’s laundry off the
floor and quickly, feverishly, started to dry her right leg.
“Fucking Swiss. They know how to build them but can’t weatherproof for
shit. Get too much on the joints and the servos hesitate. Bitch for an arm, fucked
for a hand, but for a leg it means falling on your fucking face. Shit. It’s pouring

for a hand, but for a leg it means falling on your fucking face. Shit. It’s pouring
out there. You got a hair dryer or something?”
Pell didn’t, and said so. She slowly closed the door. A pool of water distorted
the worn wood floor, slowly bringing it back to a more natural shade of brown.
Finally Arc seemed satisfied she’d dried her leg satisfactorily. Her eye clicked
with its finely tuned and expertly manufactured sight as she scanned her new leg
for any sign of moisture. Then, wadding up Pell’s shirts, underwear and socks
into a mottled ball, she tossed them, hard, into a far corner. “I was gonna get it
sealed, you know, but couldn’t find a place that would do it good enough.”
Pell stood, folded her arms, and felt a chill race through her. “New present?”
“Yeah. Everyone’s a freak, right? Guess, in his case, he likes to improve on
people. Not that I need any improvement or nothin’. Just gets off on it, I guess.
Likes the metal, the way it feels. Likes taking a bit and giving a bit. I don’t
fucking know. He pays for it and that’s good enough for me.”
Pell sat down on the bed next to her. She wanted to reach out and touch Arc’s
arm, to feel the corded mnemonic fibres, the brief chill of the ferroceramic
framework, the humming current of its circuits, the glistening neuroservos. She
wanted to pull herself close to Arc, to hold her and lean against her. Yes, she
wanted to lean against someone strong and firm.
The room was cold – brushing her hand against Arc’s arm made a shiver
dance up her hand. Pell gathered up the blankets and shawled them over her pale
shoulders. As Arc tucked herself in, Pell jumped up and pulled her T-shirt over
her head. Arc’s breasts were hard and small, her nipples tight and dark. Pell had
seem them before, of course, but not so erect. They seemed almost cracked from
the cold, as if all their heat had been sucked out of them, all the life. A thin shine
spotted parts of her body where the rain had managed to slip past the trash bag.
Naked, she jumped down next to Pell and pulled some of the covers over
herself. Pell had seen a flash of her, naked and firm – corded muscles, a skeleton
ghosting through her pale skin, the puckers of arm and leg where the prosthetics
mated with skin – as she moved. She realized as Arc snuggled under the thin
blanket that the image burning still in her mind was not her ghostly skin, but the
way the metal of her, the alloys of her, had gleamed in the dull rainy-day light. It
reminded her of the first time she’d seen Arc – what seemed like eons ago. It had
been her eye. The metal and jewels of it. Not the woman.
“It’s freaky,” said Arc next to her, face and body obscured by the sheets, the
blanket. Pell could feel her body warmth and the cool firmness of her artificial
elements against her skin. “But it pays, ya know? Gotta keep food in the belly,
that shit. Freaky but at least you gotta say that he has taste, right? At least the
man pays for quality.”
“What does he do with the real parts of you?” Pell said before she realized

“What does he do with the real parts of you?” Pell said before she realized
she’d said it.
“Fuck if I know. Sells them. Jerks off over them. They’re gone, you know?
Gone. Still me here, right? Still me – just a little tougher.” The last came as a
barking laugh, a deep, chesty sound that was as different as her giggling laugh
under Pell’s tickling fingers as Arc’s real skin was to her new elements.
“Still me –” Arc said, worming a real, human arm through the sheets, the
blanket to hug Pell clumsily. A sudden touch of cold metal echoed the
movement, telling Pell that her other arm was also around her.
It seemed cold in the little room. “Doesn’t it disturb you?” Pell was finally
able to ask.
“He’s a creep – like they all are. Fucker pays – get it? I don’t really give a
fuck about him – he just gives me the cash, and the toys.”
“Tell me about him.” Not jealousy, the heated emotion wasn’t there. But she
wanted to know why – to understand the slow replacement, the methodical
mechanical encroachment into Arc’s life . . . into Pell’s life.
“Fuck, I don’t know,” Arc said, looking uncomfortable, fixing her
real/artificial stare at a point somewhere over Pell’s head. “He’s a guy, you
know. Rich fucker. Lives somewhere up in North Beach. Big place. Art and shit
– but classy stuff – not like your jerk-off friend.”
“Is he old?” The question was inane, but the only thing that came to mind.
A burst of hard laughter. “Aren’t they always? Fuck, I don’t know. Like a dad,
kinda – he ain’t all wrinkles or shit. Latino, I think. Speaks English good
enough, though.”
“Where does he get the money?” Pell’s words went with her hands, gently
stroking the real flesh, the real skin of Arc’s untouched shoulder.
“Not as expensive as you might think. People will give lots for real meat.”
“Then he sells them?”
“I guess . . .” Her clicking sight glanced over Pell’s, then dropped down to her
plump nipples. Casually, like touching something just to be assured of its
texture, Arc stroked warm fingers across, seemingly fascinated by the way Pell’s
skin responded: areola raising, nipple tightening, lifting from the satin skin.
“Doesn’t say, don’t ask.”
“What does he do?”
Arc was quiet for a long time – so long that Pell thought that she’d tripped,
fallen into a trap. As guilt rose over her pushing, her strident inquiries, Arc
slowly started to speak: “Just lets me in – calls me first, you know. Then lets me
in. Big, fancy place. A catalog, magazine, TV kind of place – matching shit, you
know. He just sits there, in this big chair. Watches me as I come in –”
A cool chill between Pell’s legs – too hard fingers playing with the tangle of

A cool chill between Pell’s legs – too hard fingers playing with the tangle of
her pubic hair. She didn’t want to, but two of those fingers – much stronger than
flesh – pushed her thighs apart. She couldn’t tell if she was wet or not, didn’t
feel anything except for a slight chilliness across her nipples, but guessed that
since it was Arc down there, she must have been.
“I take it off for him, you know. Just take it off. No strip or nothin’. Just take
it all over and stand there. He’s dressed, you know – fancy suit. Expensive shit.
Doesn’t jack off or anything, just sits there and watches me. Doesn’t even sweat
– bastard.”
Wet, yes – shockingly, embarrassingly wet, thinking of tall and lean Arc
standing in front of her swarthy patron. Was his cock hard? Part of Pell wanted it
to be – for him to be visceral and primitive. Throbbing but too corked to take it
out, to stroke it and thus show himself for the little monkey he really was. But
she also wanted it to be flaccid, a soft dick in silk boxers – the deep and
impenetrable sexuality of the fetishist, the elaborate and methodical
orchestrations of the truly fixated. Maybe his sexuality was in his touch, the way
he ran dark-complexioned fingers across corded, street-strong muscles, or –
deeper, darker, and Pell got even more wet – not across skin but across alloys,
plastics, servos: the fetish of replacement, a chrome and metal hard-on for
rebuilding, remaking.
“He just sits there and looks at me. Sometimes, I don’t know why, I get all
wet – like I want him to jack off or something. Other times he’s just a john, you
know? But he doesn’t – jack off I mean. Christ, I don’t know if he even gets a
boner –”
Wet, yes – Arc’s hard fingers sliding up and down her swollen cunt-lips, from
hard clit to puckered asshole. A rhythmic stroking. Pell looked down at Arc’s
own nipples, seeing them hard, hard, hard – and hoped it still wasn’t from the
cool air.
“He just watches me, you know. Looking at my hands, my legs, my face.
Sometimes he moves his hand, you know, like this –”
Glistening with cunt-juice on three fingers, the hand came up, whispering
along the stained sheets, to demonstrate: a model showing off this season’s line
in artificial fingers, hands, wrists, arms.
Then Arc smiled, bent down and kissed Pell again – a sweet kiss, with no bite,
no hammering tongue. Just a match of lips – silk to silk. Again, as they kissed,
exchanging hot breaths, cool metal between Pell’s spread thighs, cool fingers in
her too hot cunt.
“When he finds something he likes, something about me, he’ll hold his hand
up and I’ll stop right there and just let him look. Then he’ll pay me and send me
away.”

away.”
The hand was cooler than before – almost chilled – and Pell put her legs
together. But Arc was stronger, and pushed them apart – hard.
“Then he’ll get me back – in a day, sometimes a fuck longer. He’ll still be
sitting there in that chair, still in a fucking suit. But this time he’ll have a box on
the table – some Japanese thing, wood and everything, you know. I’ll take the
box and leave.”
Arc was playing with her asshole, ringing it with slick, cool metal fingers,
tapping gently at her back door. Fear made Pell’s ears ring and she, for a
moment, pushed herself further up the bed, with the illusion of going for another
sweet kiss – but really to escape the penetration. Arc met flesh with the back of
her head, though, bent her down and pushed her – too hard – towards her tight
nipples, and at the same time pushed a single artificial finger inside Pell’s
asshole.
“He’s got this doc, over in Chinatown. Private place. Real fancy. I just show
up, right, and he does it. Real classy shit, even a fuckin’ mint on my pillow when
I wake up. Don’t even see the fuckin’ knife. Just go in, take a fuckin’ pill and
wake up – a little more.”
Arc’s fingers pushed hard, deep into Pell’s asshole. There was a feeling like
having to shit, a deep pushing sensation that matched Arc’s movements into
herself.
“I just walk in there and that box is sitting there, waiting, for me. Nurses like
fuckin’ geishas, pasty-faced and quiet as shit. Give me this little blue thing on a
satin pillow.”
How many fingers now? Hard to say, hard to focus. Words in Pell’s ear, Arc’s
tight little nipple in her hungry sucking mouth, Arc’s cold metal fingers in her
burning asshole. The world was tight, complete – none of it, not one element,
was the reason for the fire in her: the finger – or fingers – methodically fucking
her asshole were cool, strong and persistent in their in-out, in-out pumping; in
her mouth, Arc’s nipple tasted of hot skin and salt, the roughness of the tight
flesh like a delicious treat that she rolled around in her savoring mouth; the
words were strange, unusual and frightening – and this fear made it all the more
wrong, all the more disturbing, all the more hot.
Arc moaned, a growling sound like something a jungle cat might make. Her
flesh-and-blood hand stroked the back of Pell’s head, tangling itself in her hair.
Sharp pulls as strands broke under her passion were like gentle fireworks in
Pell’s mind.
“Fuck . . . one time I didn’t zap out so quick. So I got up and looked in that
box. Fuck –” Growl again. “– it was an arm, that time. Already had the hand.
Real pretty thing, all metal and smooth. Like jewelry, you know. Like fucking

Real pretty thing, all metal and smooth. Like jewelry, you know. Like fucking
jewelry. Strong, yeah, and firm – lot better than skin.”
Two fingers, yes, Pell could feel them – and the fear of tearing, the fear of
blood, made her clench down hard, a shitting clench that stopped Arc’s
methodical fucking for only a second, till she grabbed Pell’s hair and pulled her
away from her so-sweet (really salty) priceless nipple. That shock, that cascade
of pulling hair, the strain on her neck, released her control and her asshole
relaxed. Then three fingers in her asshole – yes, three . . .
Satisfied that Pell wasn’t going to clamp, wasn’t going to stop, Arc shoved her
back towards her chest, her small, hard tits, and – yes – her nipples. Again, Pell
hunted with her lips, sought with her hunger, the knotted points and started to
suck, lick, nibble and even bite – as if this tit, this nipple was the source of all
life, all love . . . all desire.
“Opened it up – and there it was. But I saw something else. Man, it’s pretty –
don’t you think? So strong, so clean – perfect, fuckin’ perfect. As perfect as
someone can make it – like fuckin’ art. Art, jewelry – fuckin’ jewelry.”
How many fingers? Pell didn’t care. The only thing in her world was Arc’s
fingers, her asshole, Arc’s flesh-and-blood fingers on the back of her head, and
Arc’s tight, hard nipple in her mouth – and her cunt: her hungry, hungry cunt.
All it took was a quick shift of her body, a tiny movement to free her hand –
then, there, her fingers parted her wet cunt-lips, scooped a bit of the slippery
juice and started to work her throbbing clit. The first was a shimmer of power
that raced from the pulse in her tiny, hard bead up her spine and to her lips –
which started to shake around Arc’s nipple.
“There was fucking come on the metal. Sure as shit. Ain’t that freaky? Just a
little, like someone had missed cleaning it all up. Fucker that jacked off on it,
thinking of them cutting my arm off, slicing it away like fuckin’ meat and
sticking that beautiful thing on me –”
There, right there. Fingers in asshole, finger on clit, mouth on tit, real skin on
the back of her head, Pell broke the suction with Arc’s nipple and cried as the
come tore its way out of her, ripped through her throat in a selfless cry of
beautiful release. To burst it further, make it fly faster, Arc fucked her harder –
slapping her artificial fingers deep within Pell, pounding her puckered asshole.
It lasted for moments, minutes, longer than anything before – a rolling,
surging peaks-and-valley kind of cascade of orgasms. It put spots before Pell’s
eyes and clamped her thighs around the machine in her asshole.
When it finally faded, leaving behind the hammering of her heart, it also left
her the sight of Arc looking down into her eyes – click, click, click – and
smiling, wide, broad, and true. “See, I knew you’d like it,” she said. Holding Pell
still, they both rolled off into sleep.

still, they both rolled off into sleep.
Pell tried to remember everything she knew about prostheses – about the mating
of flesh and machine. Looking out the window, she counted them. Five in half
an hour. Some days there seemed to be more, others she almost never saw any.
They were all but invisible through their consistency. How many cars did she see
in a day? How many computers? How many security cameras? How many did
she not see, but were there anyway? She didn’t understand the mechanics behind
any of them but she still lived with them daily.
Her only intimate knowledge was her father’s bank account. She guessed that
she really should have known more about the breakthroughs she’d heard – one
item, a “polymonic mycelin-sheath” buzzed through her mind but its context was
meaningless – after all, her father had ridden the technological wave. Even
though most of his claims and patents hadn’t held up in court, he’d still managed
to make enough in the boom to give his daughter a little nest in the city. Not
enough. But a not a little, either.
Thinking of her father and the money was lead in her belly. Instead she
thought about the more physical manifestations of artificial limbs, organs. She
knew that they were cheaper than they had been – though the ones that Arc had
were more expensive: craftsmanship always cost. She knew that you could sell
an arm, a leg, an eye and buy a replacement with a little cash left over. It was
common among people her age, SAC money disappearing, to sell something to
keep conscription at bay – but between selling and buying, the income wasn’t all
that great.
By presidential decree, first choice of donor limbs always went to returning
vets. Looking out her window, she realized that some of the people she guessed
were all flesh and all blood were more than likely made up of someone else’s
flesh and blood – eyes, ears, legs, arms, hands – and those that clicked, hummed
and glimmered under the unexpected sunlight were veterans of only trying to
escape the war.
Get busted and the courts offered you a deal: leave something behind and you
can walk free (unless you left your legs to pay your fine).
Turning away from the window, Pell went back to her sketch pad. Charcoal
and fine line, she’d indulged herself in filling in some of her preliminary
sketches of Arc. She didn’t really know when the fear of capturing the woman
had gone, but one day it had. Possibly because she expected the woman to
reappear. Arc was a part of her life. It felt good.
But there was an ache as well. Something had altered. Like the ground
shifting beneath her feet so that left wasn’t quite left any more – as if the whole

world had subtly changed – she saw Arc differently. Strong, yes – but there was
something else. An edge that hadn’t been there since she’d seen Arc’s tears. It
was a jagged edge, something that Arc seemed to secretly delight in showing
Pell.
Like her “client”. Sitting on the edge of Arc’s bed, she’d spun a long and
detailed tale of him. European. Possibly Spanish. She’d even visited him at
work, at one of the posh citadels downtown. NeuroGen, Pell remembered. She
described his breath, said it smelled of cloves. His skin was dark and shone as if
he sweated – but his skin, Arc said, was never damp. He had a gold tooth, far in
the back of his mouth, that you could see when he laughed. It was always done,
these detailed stories, without a sense of affection. Pell had the sense that Arc
was sharing with her – showing her life to her. The man wasn’t anything except
a client – but one with an unusual inclination. He liked to give her gifts. What he
did with Arc’s original parts, he never said, or Arc didn’t say.
Arc also took meticulous pride in showing Pell her newest additions, giving
her endless details of manufacture, limitations, degree of workmanship.
The sketch pad was bulky so she laid it out on the floor. With the first sketch,
she’d tried to capture Arc as she’d first seen her. Not her eye. The woman. The
sheet of slightly off-yellow paper in fact was blank, undrawn, around that part of
her face. Only her gray eye, and not her steel eye, looked out at Pell from the
paper.
Lying with her soft belly on the hardwood floor, Pell flipped through the
sketches. She knew that she’d failed to capture Arc as she’d walked back and
forth through her life but the memories still stirred by the sketches were strong
and thrilling to her. The day they’d gone out for coffee. The night Arc had
awakened Pell with a nightmare – Pell had held the woman for hours, it’d
seemed, while Arc cried from her real eye and heaved air in panic. The day
they’d stayed inside and made love for hours.
The last one. Half a face. A torso hovering on an off-yellow void. Just one
eye, a nose, a smile, one ear. That was all that remained of Arc.
Pell stared at the sketch for long minutes, and tried not to think of the next
sketch she might make.
Days, weeks. Maybe a month. A blur of time, a cascade of events: Arc standing,
naked in front of the dirty windows – long, hard body gleaming with elegant
artificiality. As Arc moved like a slow dancer, Pell at first thought the
performance for her benefit, and slowly started to rub herself. Then she noticed
Arc’s eyes tightly shut, the dance just a movement, a testing, of her real, and
artificial parts.
Arc and Pell in bed together. Hard darkness outside – deep night. They were

Arc and Pell in bed together. Hard darkness outside – deep night. They were
masturbating together, sweet kisses – butterfly wings – breasts and nipples
grazing each other, tingles of feedback sensuality, hands between their legs,
working ecstasy. It was a game with natural rules: don’t touch, save for glancing
lips, and savor the pleasure of the other. Pell lost, with three fingers deep inside
the wet folds of her cunt, with her clit a hard finger nestled among them – with
her other hand, she brushed Arc’s working fingers, needing to know that she,
too, was feeling pleasure.
She encountered stillness. No movement. A coolness, a hardness. Why, she
wondered when next Arc left her world for a few days, a week, had she expected
her to rub herself with her real, flesh and blood, hand? Two choices: meaty
reality, or cold artificiality?
Arc didn’t want to talk of her benefactor, but, still, some information leaked
out . . . tiny portions of information. Pell found herself storing them, building a
picture of Arc’s time when she wasn’t with her. She imagined details, things she
knew she didn’t have any knowledge of: his eyes, for instance, were jade green.
His breath smelled of cilantro. He had an accent, somewhere with palm trees,
white-painted houses and a sea so blue as to appear cinematic.
She never asked, but she wanted to. She wanted to frame the words, even
more than the explosive “love”, to put them out. To ask to capture her lover live,
sitting still and poised for her charcoal, her pencils. She didn’t though and, like
“love” it was an invisible thing between them. But like she could think of Arc as
her lover when the strong girl wasn’t there, wasn’t really there, she could still
sketch from memory.
The next sketch she did make, and the one after: fractions of her, pieces
separated by blank, white paper. Lips and one gray eye. One hand. The slight
rise of her smooth belly, the swell of her mons. The slope of her breasts – the
way they seemed a natural extension of her firmness, her muscles.
But the drawings she wanted to make, craved to make with an energy that
scared her, was to fill in those blank areas, those sections of cool metal, state-ofthe-art technology. She wanted to sketch out the whole of her – but not what she
could see.
She had no reason to be there. She didn’t belong there – cars glided past on
silent induction motors, the occupants just shadows through bullet-proof glass.
The few that walked the streets of the Financial District wore suits that would
have kept her off the street, away from Induction, for years. They were
uniformly clean, manicured, and poised.
Walking through the cool, shadowy canyons between the black-glassed towers
she never once saw a copper eye, a steel hand, a plastic leg. She saw a bald man

she never once saw a copper eye, a steel hand, a plastic leg. She saw a bald man
in a shimmering black suit, his eyes hidden behind a complexity of imageintensifying glasses. One of his hands was flesh and blood but black, a powered
matt darkness: his crime hadn’t reduced him to mating metal, plastics and
“polymonic mycelin-sheaths”. Money can bring you anything – even skin and
bone.
Pell walked the cold canyons for most of the morning, getting cold, suspicious
stares from the men and women she passed. Arc had bragged to her, “that big
place – all silver and gold, on the corner of California and Sansome”. The office
where her benefactor had seen her once. It didn’t exist. Arc had told her – it
slipped out – that his name was Guerrera and that he was some kind of corporate
attorney, working for an office of NeuroGen.
Pell walked in the shadows of more money than she could ever count in her
lifetime, money that would drown her if she had to swim in it. She walked past
men and women who could buy her, every limb, digit, and organ on a whim.
These people didn’t have the blade of Central America hanging over their heads,
the horrible sucking vacuum of the street. That woman with the sterling silver
cortical jacks on the back of her neck, that fat man in the cream-colored suit
carrying a tattooed briefcase made of human skin, that young boy in the sailor’s
suit – their world was easy, malleable. With the right application of money and
fear, disease, hunger, vanished. It was a comfortable insulation against the rest of
the world – anything painful or frightening.
Pell walked, looking for the silver and gold building on the corner of
California and Sansome, looking for the offices of NeuroGen, for Mr Guerrera.
She didn’t know why she’d come downtown – no, she did know: she was well
aware of her reasons, but they weren’t realistic. They were a child’s reasons,
pleads and begs: “Find someone else to buy a piece at a time.” She couldn’t offer
money; she thought about offering her body – but she wasn’t Arc. She was
young and flesh and blood. If he liked the caress of steel and rubber, then she
doubted that Mr Guerrera of NeuroGen would find her interesting.
Pell walked downtown till the sun peered over the tops of the highest
buildings, casting a brilliant, long shadow through the heart of this people’s
territory. She walked and walked but never once found anything close to a silver
and gold building on California and Sansome, an office of NeuroGen, or a Mr
Guerrera who liked to buy girls one part at a time.
Later, as darkness started to fall, she wandered the rest of what Arc had told
her, looking for the house, looking for the Chinese clinic. Looking until there
wasn’t enough light to really see – or, for the first time, seeing for the first time.
Arc was lying back on her bed, smoking a black cigarette. It smelled: the bite of

Arc was lying back on her bed, smoking a black cigarette. It smelled: the bite of
distantly burning rubber. Her one real eye was dilated, the pupil pushed back till
there was barely anything left of her gray iris. It was a bottomless pit that was
endless soaking up the details of Pell’s ceiling.
There was a company called NeuroGen. It was a big one. Worldwide. They
manufactured a tailored virus that strengthened neurons, made them easier to
connect to “polymonic mycelin-sheaths”. They didn’t have an office in San
Francisco, or even Los Angeles.
Pell was laying at the foot of the bed, at Arc’s feet – head on the cold strength
of one of her artificial legs. Turning her head, Pell could see up between Arc’s
legs: the pinched skin around her upper thighs where technology mated with
flesh. The curves where hips turned into ass. The seam of her hairless cunt, her
dark folds.
Pell wanted to touch her, to put out a hand and place it, careful, on the
architecture of her cunt, to feel the heat of her reality – but was unable to reach
far enough past the metal to reach what skin remained. She could see but not
touch.
There was no Mr Guerrera employed by NeuroGen. There was no Mr
Guerrera listed anywhere in the city that she could find. The building on the
corner of California and Sansome was a black glass tower. Had been there for
twenty-five years. It was solely owned by a Japanese banking conglomerate.
Had been for twenty-five years.
Turning her head, Pell looked down Arc’s long body. Steel and copper,
electronics she didn’t understand. High-impact ceramics, “intelligent” plastics,
artificial skin. She looked at Arc and saw materials and machinery. They were
beautiful in their design, elegant in their purpose.
Pell looked up at her and saw their purpose.
She didn’t know what to do. The future was dead, frozen – the world was just
her, her tiny apartment and her sudden understanding of Arc. The paths that she
could go were fuzzy, unimportant against the pain, the revelation: she would go
back to her father. She would live on the street. She would be conscripted and
die – her epitaph like Jare’s, an automated email message saying “DEATH
NOTIFICATION” but meaning a young man’s body in the jungle. She would
sell some drawings, some paintings, earn enough so she could afford flesh and
blood, and not have to settle for steel, iron, copper, plastic. Fuzzy futures, part of
someone else’s history.
Suddenly, she needed Arc. Needed her complete and whole. Needed to touch
her, to make contact.
It had been a long time since that other Pell appeared – the brave ghost that
lived somewhere in the young girl. The last time had been blood-red wine on a

lived somewhere in the young girl. The last time had been blood-red wine on a
white dress, a burst against San Francisco black. She had been alone, needing
company and love. Then, there, on her bed in her little place, she had the same
feeling again.
Getting up, she crawled up Arc’s long body. Seeing her coming – click, click,
click – the tall woman turned a slightly frightened face her way, looking down
her body. Then she sighed, a heavy sound ringing of exhaustion and – maybe –
fear. She ground out the smelly cigarette on Pell’s battered nightstand, blowing
out the last of the smoke with two jets of blue smoke from her narrow nostrils.
Pell kissed her, tasting the reality of the harsh smoke on her breath. She was
straddling Arc, her heavy breasts and tight nipples pressed against Arc’s smooth
chest. She hoped that she was wet, hoped that her cunt was dripping – but
honestly didn’t care. Spreading her legs, she dropped herself down till her cuntlips spread over the coolness of Arc’s prosthetic left knee.
No, not that. She wanted reality, honesty. She wanted the real person, the real
woman, Arc. Moving again, she slid herself against Arc’s upthrust leg, breaking
their kiss and pushing her breasts against Arc’s face. Tender kisses – hesitant but
with a restrained hunger, landed on their slopes, skipped across her nipples.
Pell knew what she wanted, knew in an instant – but she didn’t have the tools
to ask, didn’t have the tools to even frame the request.
She wanted one of those metal, plastic, alloy, legs off. She wanted the raw
reality of Arc’s stump, the chopped-off harshness of her. Real flesh, real blood,
real scars. She wanted to make love to that, to take it into herself – through her
mouth, through her cunt, through her heart. She wanted it, could see it, taste it,
feel it. An abrupt mass of scars, like a tightly closed mouth. The black dots
where the electronics emerged to mate with the limb. It wasn’t the ugliness of
what she knew was between Arc and her limb that had her weak, pulsing with
desire; it was the thought of finally making love to Arc, the real one, the painful
and raw one.
A hand between her legs, slipping between her thighs. A hand between her
legs, slipping between her cunt-lips – finding her clit. A gentle tap, a smooth
rhythm, and with it Pell let her mind race, let her mind go where her lips
couldn’t.
A loosening of the socket, a few minor adjustments to divorce rubber gasket
from leg, then the peeling of rubber from raw stump. The smell of it, like old
worn clothing, like a well-exercised armpit. Maybe dirt, maybe something like
earwax. But real, solid, raw. She’d like to taste it, to bring a bit of Arc into
herself. Something like snot, maybe something like cunt-juice when she hadn’t
washed for a while. Real, though – so real.
She wanted that reality in her. She wanted to lie back, to spread herself as
wide as she could, to swallow that actuality – to have Arc move herself, position

wide as she could, to swallow that actuality – to have Arc move herself, position
herself to those scars, that tissue, was pressing harder and harder against her lips.
She wanted Arc inside her, wanted the pure skin, the pure gristle, the pure
essence of Arc inside her cunt, inside her. She wanted Arc to make love to her –
with nothing in the way.
There, right there – the thought of stump pushing aside lips, of wetness
closing around scars, of a bigness beyond any fist, pushed Pell over. The come
wasn’t something really physical, though it did have all the notes, all the tempo:
it was a shaking, an emotional blast through her body. Like a come, she shook
and squirted clear liquid down onto Arc’s fingers, soaking the bed once again.
Like a come, she felt faint, felt her heart hammering in her chest. Like a come,
her breath was short and quick.
Unlike just a come, the feeling lasted, a cool sadness. A knowledge of futility.
Only in her dream, only in her fantasy – raw reality. Only in her mind, the real
Arc, the real flesh, the real bone.
She wasn’t tired, but she crawled up and curled up onto Arc’s body. She knew
she must have been heavy, but didn’t care. She felt her sweaty skin slide over
Arc’s cool body and, slowly, she positioned herself so that all she touched, all
she made contact with, was nothing but Arc.
Arc left in the morning. If she would come back or not, Pell didn’t know. She
cared, of course, but didn’t know if Arc did.
She sat by the dirty window for close to an hour, feeling the revelation, the
secret knowledge. At the end of that hour she wanted Arc all the more, feeling
privileged at having touched as much as she had.
Pell had finally seen Arc, herself. That was the real time ahead, the real
choices: maybe Pell would leave – walk away from the memories of days with
Arc. Maybe she would stay, and watch her lover barricade herself within an
artificial body – retreat against Pell’s caring, her love.
Maybe she’d be back, maybe with more parts, maybe with less. Maybe she’d
never return, her details fading into a simple melancholy at the sight of cool
metals, plastics replacing flesh. Two roads, two ways to go. But one thing was
certain, as sadness or as love, Arc would be whole and real in her mind.
But, for certain, if she returned, Pell would be there – to touch as much of her
as she could, for as long as there was something to touch.

THE COMFORT OF WOMEN
Michael Hemmingson

ONE
I’d been celibate for five years. I didn’t think I was a bad-looking man – women
had found me appealing in the past – but between the ages of twenty-two and
twenty-seven, I hadn’t touched a woman and a woman hadn’t touched me. I’d
created my own isolation, going from one dumb job to another, spending my
time alone in a studio apartment, writing. My first novel was published in an
irregular paperback format by a small press operated by an enthusiastic fellow,
reminiscent of those old City Lights Pocketbooks. It fitted easily in my back
pocket and not too many people read it, despite all the good reviews. The whole
matter was a solitary experience with no one to share it with.
One day, I received a letter from an English professor at the local university,
Barry McGinnis. He wrote that he’d gotten my address from the publisher of my
book, and how the book was an unknown work of genius, and that he’d like to
meet me.
I put the letter aside.
A month later, the professor called on the phone.
“Your publisher is an old buddy of mine, a former student, in fact,” McGinnis
said. “Hope you don’t mind. I got your number from him.”
“No,” I said. “I meant to call you. I did get your letter.”
“Listen, why don’t we meet for a beer?”
I met the professor at a pub near the campus, and listened to him talk about
how great he thought my work was. He’d not only read my novel – and assigned
it to one of his classes – but had seen my work in various and (quite) obscure
literary journals and underground publications.
“You go by Nicholas?” McGinnis said. “Or –”

“You go by Nicholas?” McGinnis said. “Or –”
“Nicky.”
“Nicky, Nicky Bayless – where’d you go to school?”
“College?”
“Yes.”
“Never went.”
“No degree? No creative writing program?”
“No.”
“Probably a good thing,” McGinnis said, nodding his head, his long grayishblack bushy hair bouncing. “But you know, I bet I could get you into the MFA
program here.”
“With no BA?”
“Hell, your published work will vouch your worthiness,” the professor said. “I
bet I could get you a nice fellowship, too.”
And that’s just what Barry McGinnis did.

TWO
I met Alexia in one of the graduate courses Barry McGinnis taught. She had a
quirky look to her I found appealing – thick, dark-rimmed glasses; a white streak
in her otherwise jet black hair; an odd-assortment of attire, cool in this age of
awkwardness; when geekiness, coupled with intelligence, was sexy. She was one
of the regulars who hung out at the pub where I first encountered McGinnis –
often this crowd was orbiting around him, a charismatic man in his own right.
He was at the pub three nights a week, and I soon found myself there as well.
Alexia was there. I was sort of the oddball, I felt, brought into this circle by
McGinnis because of my book and not my academic struggle (and I had a new
book, a collection of stories, coming out from another small, obscure publisher).
One night, at the pub, McGinnis wasn’t there, and many people departed. I sat
drinking beer with Alexia and Bart (a blond surfer poet) and his bombshell
blonde girlfriend, Randi. We all decided to go to a different bar and play pool –
Alexia was insistent on this particular bar, telling us all we’d like it very much.
It was an OK bar. Bart and Randi wanted to play pool, which wasn’t my thing.
Alexia bought a pitcher of beer and we sat together.
Bart was bending, ready to take a shot at the table, his rear end very close to
us. “Get your butt somewhere else,” Alexia said, “or I’ll take a pool stick and
shove it up –”
“Oh, yeah,” said Randi.
“That’s not very nice,” I said. “How’d you like it if someone stuck a pool
stick in your ass?”

stick in your ass?”
Alexia raised her brows. “I just might like it.”
That was the first clue I didn’t get – I wasn’t paying attention. I’d recall in
hindsight, yes, as well as overhearing her talk about how her favorite scene in
Last Tango in Paris was when Marlon Brando put butter up his young lover’s
backdoor before sodomizing her.
Bart and Randi left (we’ll get back to them in another chapter), and Alexia
and myself finished the pitcher of beer.
“What will you do now?” Alexia said.
“I don’t know,” I said.
“Drink more?”
“I don’t know.”
She took her glasses off and looked at them. “I live a block away, you know.”
“No,” I said, “I didn’t know.”
This was the second clue – and I wasn’t paying attention.
“Well,” she said.
“Maybe we can go there,” I said.
She put her glasses back on. “OK.”
We walked up the block to her place, which was a small cottage. It was nice, a
little messy. I asked how much she paid for it.
“Nothing,” she said. “My parents own the property.”
“Nice.”
“I don’t work,” she said. “I go to school. Like you.”
“I used to work. I worked too much. Dumb jobs, blah blah blah. Now I have a
fellowship.”
“What about your book?”
“I don’t make any money from that.”
“Oh. I have it, your book.”
“Really?”
“I didn’t read it.”
“That’s OK.”
“Dr McGinnis said I should.”
“Listen to him.”
“I have beer, I think,” she said, going to the kitchen.
I sat on the couch in the small living room.
Alexia returned with two Budweisers. “Yes, I have beer.”
She sat next to me.
I don’t remember what we talked about. On the floor, I noticed an action
figure of the Warner Brothers Martian from the Bugs Bunny cartoon. “I always
loved that Martian,” I said.

loved that Martian,” I said.
“Me, too,” she said, going to the floor and picking it up. “Marvin the Martian.
‘I’m going to destroy planet Earth!’ ” I touched her hair. She put her head in my
lap. It was nice to touch somebody.
“I, um, I don’t know what to do,” I said.
“What?”
“I haven’t been with anyone in a while.”
“I don’t believe that.”
“It’s true.”
“It’s a line,” she said. “Do you like me?”
“Yes,” I said.
“I like you.” She got on the couch with me and we began to kiss. She had to
take her glasses off: they were getting in the way. We kissed for a long time. She
pushed me back on the couch, and lay on top of me. I grabbed her ass, put my
hands down her skirt.
She pulled her mouth from mine. “Bad boy,” she said.
I grabbed her head, and we kissed more.
When I tried to touch her cunt, she stopped me.
“No,” she said.
“Sorry,” I said.
“Don’t worry about it,” she said, and we kissed.
When I touched her breasts over the fabric of her blouse, she pushed them
away. “Now, now,” she said.
“Sorry,” I said.
She took one of my hands and put it back on her ass. “Play with that.”
I did, and we kissed. My hand, and my second hand, were all over her butt.
“Hey,” Alexia said, “rub my asshole.”
“What?”
“With your finger,” she said, and I found her asshole with my finger. “In
small circles,” she said, “yeah, like that –”
She pulled away from me, and sat. She took the finger I’d been rubbing her
with, put it in her mouth, sucked on it. She smiled, and gave my finger back. She
put her glasses on.
“What’s wrong?” I asked, moving to her, wanting to kiss her more.
“Nothing,” she said. “I have to pee.”
“Hey.” I grabbed her hand as she stood up. “Can I watch?”
“You want to watch me pee?”
“Yes,” I said.
“I need a commitment before I go that far,” she said.
“We hardly know each other.”

“We hardly know each other.”
“Exactly,” she said, and went to the bathroom.
I sat there. I got up, and followed. The door was unlocked, and I went in.
Alexia was sitting on the toilet; she glanced up at me. She smiled and said,
“You.” I could hear the stream of her urine. I sat on the floor, cross-legged.
“You’re bold,” she said.
“The door was unlocked.”
“There is no lock.”
“I couldn’t resist.”
She stood up. “OK, Mr Bold. Clean me.”
“With my mouth?”
“Absolutely not.”
I would’ve done it with my mouth, if she’d asked. I took a wad of toilet paper,
and wiped her cunt. She pulled her panties up.
“I have to go, too,” I said.
“Then I get to watch,” she said. “Quid pro quo.”
She took my place on the floor; I stood in front of the toilet, took my cock out,
and started to go.
Alexia made a weird sound. She moved, snagged my cock, and put her mouth
before it, drinking my urine; what she didn’t get flowed out of her mouth, down
her chin, and into the bowl. I liked the sound this made. I breathed hard; it was
an experience in itself watching her drink from me.
She pressed her face to my leg. “Nicky, I’m sorry. I couldn’t help myself,” she
said, softly. “Now you know my fetish. OK, I’m weird. You’ll never love me.”
“I could love you,” I said.
“Do you mean that?”
“Yes.”
“Will you kiss me, to prove it?” she asked.
“Yes,” I said.
She stood, and we kissed, and I tasted her – and me.
“I want to make love to you,” I said.
“No, I can’t,” she said.
Alexia left the bathroom and sat on the edge of her bed. I sat next to her; we
both fell back. It was a nice, big, comfortable bed, the kind of bed I liked; the
kind of bed I didn’t have.
“It’s late,” she said, moving away from me. “I’m a little drunk.”
“Me, too,” I said.
“You can stay here,” she said, “if you want.”
“I’d like that.”
“I’d like it, too,” she said, standing. “I’m going to turn the light off.”

“I’d like it, too,” she said, standing. “I’m going to turn the light off.”
“OK.”
In the dark, I saw her silhouette; she was removing her clothes. I also took my
clothes off, and got under the covers. She joined me; we didn’t touch. My hand
went to her body. She was still wearing her bra and panties. I moved closer to
her, kissed her.
“I don’t think I want to screw,” she said.
“OK,” I said.
“I mean, I’m not sure if I can.”
“OK.”
“I’m not sure if I’m in the right frame of mind.”
“OK.”
“It’s not OK,” she said. “You don’t understand, you don’t know.”
“I want to,” I said.
“I know you do.”
“Alexia,” I said.
“It’s nice having you in my bed,” she said.
“It’s nice to be in a bed with someone.” She placed her head on my chest, and
then a hand, playing with the hair. We were quiet, touching each other. Her hand
moved down, and grasped my cock.
“This is nice,” she said.
“Yes,” I said, “it is.”
“Nice . . .”
I kissed her on the head.
“I know,” she said, and, “I’m twenty-eight years old.”
“Yeah?”
“I’m still a virgin.”
I laughed, after a moment.
“This is true,” she said.
“Now who is giving who a line?”
She let go of my cock. “Nicky, listen. I’m Jewish. I’m not a nice Jewish girl,
but I’m Jewish and a virgin. I come from a really hard-ass strict Jewish family,
even though, like I said, well, I made up my mind years ago that I would save
myself for my husband, because some day I plan to marry a nice Jewish man, I
mean my family won’t have it any other way. And this man will expect me to be
a virgin.”
“I see.”
“No you don’t see,” she said. “I don’t expect you to understand. Other men
haven’t. Like I said, I’m twenty-eight. This doesn’t mean I’m sexual. Obviously

I’m sexual, and I have fetishes. I’m really pretty basic in that matter – I have a
pee fetish, and a butt fetish. I mean, I’m a virgin, vaginally, but I like having sex
in my butt.”
Things started to come together for me – the pool stick remark, her living
close to the bar she wanted to go to. “You lured me here,” I said, “from the bar.”
“Of course. I’m terribly attracted to you. I want you. I want you inside me.
But I want more than a fuck-buddy. I had a fuck-buddy for a while, for a few
months: it was just sex, nothing more. I didn’t like it. I mean, it was OK, but it
wasn’t me. It was a different me.”
“He fucked you in the ass?”
“Yes. I don’t know if he liked it that much. Some men do, some don’t.” I’d
only had anal sex with a woman once, and I think I was nineteen or twenty.
“I want you to fuck me,” Alexia said, “but I’m looking for more than just
fucking.”
“I’m not a nice Jewish boy.”
“I’m not looking for a husband. I’ll do that in my thirties, maybe my forties.
I’m looking for companionship, closeness, a little love. Devotion, all that.”
“Sounds nice,” I said.
“Yes. It sounds – it sounds nice.” She took her panties off. “I’d like you to
fuck me,” she said. “I want you to.”
“I don’t have a condom.” I felt stupid.
“I’m not going to get pregnant this way,” she said.
Lubricant?” I asked, thinking the last time I’d done this, I had to use a lot of
petroleum jelly.
“Spit is fine,” Alexia said. She spit into her hand, put her hand between her
ass-cheeks. She spit into her hand again, and rubbed the saliva over my cock.
“I’m getting impatient,” she said.
I moved on top of her, feeling inexpert. Alexia reached back, took my cock,
and guided me into her ass – where it slid in just fine, without hesitation or
resistance. The warmth of her interior sent a tingle up my body and soul. Alexia
whispered, “Oh boy,” and pushed her rear up, hard, slamming into my pelvis. I
looked down at the streak in her hair, which was scattered about the back of her
neck and on the bed with the rest of her hair. I swear she had an orgasm, I wasn’t
sure, but mine came quickly, and it was a lot; I emptied myself inside her.
We lay next to each other, and Alexia commented on the amount of semen I’d
gushed out, that she liked how it felt up her ass, and coming out her ass.
She touched and played with my cock and balls, and soon I was hard again.
She got on top of me. “This position is always tricky,” she said, sitting down on
my cock and sliding it in. She leaned forward to kiss me, and it popped out,
covered in semen from that first ejaculation. Alexia giggled, and put my cock

covered in semen from that first ejaculation. Alexia giggled, and put my cock
back in her. I reached for the light. “What are you doing?” she said.
“I want to see you.”
“I like the light off.”
“OK.”
“Oh, turn it on if you want.”
I did. She still wore her bra; her hair was a mess. I reached to unclasp her bra
and she pushed my hand away; my cock slipped out of her.
“Let’s try it like this,” I said, gently pushing her off me and onto her back. I
put her legs on my shoulders; I didn’t need her help to find my way in. I was
deep in her now.
“I like this,” she said.
“I can kiss you,” I said, and did.
“Kiss me more.”
I did.
“Fuck me harder.”
I did, and I came inside her again.
“I have to piss,” I said to her. “Do you want it?”
She made a noise, reached up and bit my right nipple, hard.
“Ouch,” I said.
I took her hand, pulling her from the bed, and took her to the bathroom, where
she sat before the toilet as I urinated. She drank just about all of it. Then she
sucked and licked at my cock for a while, eyes closed.
We went back to bed, in each other’s arms, and fell asleep.
I woke up, the next morning, with Alexia messing around with my ass. She
had her face down there – I was lying sideways – licking from my balls to my
crack. I’m not sure how long she’d been doing this, but it was a nice thing to
wake up to. She pushed me onto to my stomach, spreading my buttocks, a light
finger on my sphincter, then a tongue. She licked it a bit, asked me if I liked that.
I did, of course – “Yes,” I said.
She said, “I like it too,” and licked more, harder this time, pushing the tip of
her tongue into me like a thirsty animal at a waterhole. I felt saliva roll down
onto my balls – a funny, ticklish feeling. She started to suck, making sounds that
I can only describe as pleasantly perverse. She did this for the good part of an
hour, as I lay there in ecstasy, having discovered a new world. She was still
making wicked sucking sounds, and there was a soft hum from the back of her
throat.
She turned me over, and sucked on my cock for a bit. “My mouth is getting
tired,” she said. “Can you fuck me?”
She was on her hands and knees, and I took her from behind. I grabbed her

She was on her hands and knees, and I took her from behind. I grabbed her
hips, and slammed myself inside and out of her. I wanted to come in her mouth:
this image was in my head. I told her this. She turned around and took me in her
mouth, and I came.
And that’s how I ended my period of celibacy.
I didn’t see Alexia again for over a week. We played phone tag, then she stopped
calling, and she didn’t come to class (it was a once-a-week thing). I drove to her
place; her car was there, but no one answered the door.
The next morning, she answered her phone.
“Hey,” I said.
“Hey.”
“Where you been?”
“Nowhere,” she said.
“I was worried.”
“Were you?”
“Yes.”
“You really were?”
“Yes.”
“That’s sweet,” she said.
“What’s going on?”
“Nothing really,” she said. “I’ve been depressed.”
“Depressed?”
“I get that way sometimes.”
“About what?”
“This and that.”
“I see.”
“Don’t you ever get depressed?” she asked.
“Well, yes,” I said.
“When I get depressed, I get depressed big,” she said.
“But you’re OK?”
“Yeah,” she said, “I’m OK.”
She didn’t sound OK.
“I’ve been thinking about you,” I said.
“You have? I’ve been thinking a lot about you. What’ve you been thinking
about?”
“You,” I said, “and your ass; how I’d like to be fucking you, how I’d like to
lick your ass like you did mine. I’ve never done that to anyone before.”
“I wonder about this,” she said.
“What?”

“What?”
“You could come over,” she said.
“When?”
“Now.”
I rushed over.
Alexia was wearing a thick, terry-cloth robe, no glasses. We immediately
embraced. Her body felt warm and nice.
“Do you want something to eat?” she asked. “I was going to make grilled
cheese sandwiches.”
“I love grilled cheese sandwiches.”
I sat in her small kitchen and watched her cook. We ate the sandwiches in the
living room.
“We should’ve gotten together again sooner,” she said.
“Yes,” I said.
“What’ve you been doing?”
“Writing.”
“Anything good?”
“I don’t know. Another novel.”
“About?”
I smiled. “This and that.”
“So be it.”
“Essays,” I said. “I’ve been writing essays lately for The USA Viewpoint.”
“Really. That’s a big magazine, isn’t it?”
“I think so. They pay well.”
“What do you write?”
“Opinions, views – viewpoints!”
“Your look at the nation.”
“And the world.”
“I should be impressed,” she said.
“You’re not impressed?”
“I’m impressed,” she said. “But I’m more impressed with what you want to do
with that mouth and tongue. Did you mean what you said? You want to get nasty
with my butt?”
“Very,” I said.
She took my hand, led me to the bedroom. She removed her robe, was naked
underneath. I looked at the dark, thick bush of pubic hair between her legs,
something I hadn’t noticed the last time. Alexia was on her stomach, spreadeagled. I didn’t waste time getting to work on her, finding her puckered asshole
and going to work at it with my tongue. Alexia seemed to enjoy my effort,
wiggling her hips back and forth. I reached to touch her cunt, thinking she’d like

wiggling her hips back and forth. I reached to touch her cunt, thinking she’d like
this, but she told me not to touch it, was very adamant about that. I continued to
lick and suck, and then she touched herself, and she came. I moved up, my cock
out now, my pants down to my ankles, and entered her.
We fucked for the rest of the night, and I stayed there. I stayed there for
several days, engulfed in nothing but nasty sex, fucking her in the ass, pissing in
her mouth, her face buried in my crotch and rear.
It was fun.
In between, we slept, ate, drank, and talked. It was the usual talk – the past,
our lives, our families. She was very close to her family (as I’d already gathered)
and wanted me to meet her mother and father and two brothers, and some aunts
and cousins tossed in. I nodded my head, but I was never comfortable meeting
my lovers’ families, both in the act and the thought. We parted, as people must
part – I went back to my life, she did what she did.
She called two days later, a Sunday. I was working on the novel.
“My family is having a big dinner tonight,” she said. “Do you want to come
over and meet them?”
“Well,” I said. “Not tonight, I can’t.”
“You can’t?”
“I’m on a roll.”
“You just don’t want to meet them,” Alexia said, an accusation. I guess she
could hear it in my voice.
“I’d feel weird.”
“Why?”
“I just would.”
“It’d mean a lot to me,” she said. “I told my mother about you.”
“You did? What’d you tell her?”
“Not that,” she said. “Just that – I’d met this guy. I told her: ‘I met this great
guy.’ ”
“Oh.” I felt like shit.
“You are my boyfriend,” she said, “right?”
“Yes,” I said. I liked the way it sounded.
“I’d like you to come.”
“How about next time?”
“Oh, fuck it,” she said, and hung up.
I tried calling her back. She didn’t answer.
She didn’t come to class the next time, either.
Over beers at the pub, I asked Barry McGinnis about her.
“She’s a strange one,” Barry said.
“Well,” I said.

“Well,” I said.
“Fucking her?”
“You could say that.”
“I had a feeling,” Barry said. “Well, fucking is a good thing. There are plenty
of fuck opportunities around here.”
“She’s kinky,” I said.
Barry had this look on his face. “Really?”
I knew that look. “You didn’t fuck her, did you?” I asked.
“Well,” Barry said, drinking his beer. “Not exactly. Look. OK. This was last
year. It was two a.m., the bar had closed, she was sitting in my car with me. We
made out, she was reaching down my pants. Then she stops and says, ‘I can’t.’
‘You can’t?’ She said, ‘I can’t.’ And that was that. There’s always been this
strange tension between us since. So,” he asked, “how kinky is she?”
I told him.
“Wow,” Barry said. “Hey, it’s my birthday next week. Big party at my place.
Do bring Alexia.”
“Don’t get any ideas.”
“I never have ideas.”
Alexia called the next day. “I guess you should know something about me.”
“You’re an alien?”
“Sometimes I think so,” she laughed. “No. I mean. I’m manic depressive, I
mean.”
“Who isn’t?”
“I’m serious. I get into these bad funks sometimes. That’s why I haven’t gone
to class.”
“It’s not me?” I asked.
“A little bit, I suppose,” she replied. “It’s mostly me. My screwed-up head. Do
you want to come over?”
“Of course I do.”
“In maybe an hour? I need to straighten up a bit.”
“An hour,” I said.
An hour later, I was there.
I kissed her; it wasn’t a long one – she pulled back.
“Hey,” she said.
“Hey,” I said.
She had the fridge stocked with beer, and we sat on the couch and had a few.
The TV was on, no sound. It was an awkward moment again.
“I need someone,” she said. “I’m not sure if now is the right time.”
“I’m never sure,” I said. “I need someone, too. We all do, right? That’s what
I’m told.”

I’m told.”
“I’m twenty-eight and I feel like I haven’t done shit with my life. OK, OK, so
I’m getting my Master’s, but so what? Me and a million people. I have all these
things in my head that I want to do. I want to write novels like you. I have novels
in my head. I just don’t know how to write them. And movies. I have
screenplays in my head, whole movies.”
“Just sit down at your computer and write them,” I said.
“Easy for you to say. Maybe you can do that. I can’t. I tried, I mean I really
tried. I can’t. And that’s what drives me crazy. That and a zillion other things. I
really do want to make movies. I have a camera. It’s hidden away: you haven’t
seen it. I have a camera, I have ideas, I want to make movies. Write books.
Compose songs. Maybe even act, you know? So many things. But I’ll never do
these things.”
“You don’t know that.”
“That’s what the little voice in my head says. The Devil on my shoulder.
‘Alexia, stop fooling yourself, you could never do those things.’ And my
parents, they don’t care – they think it’s all silly. ‘Alexia, an artist? How sweet.’
They don’t even think much about my getting an MA. ‘You already have a
Bachelor’s, Alexia, why waste your time further?’ They just want me to get
married. Before I’m thirty. ‘You need to get married soon, you know,’ my
mother says. You know, you know – when I told my mother about you, when I
said, ‘I met this great guy,’ she said, ‘Is he husband material?’ You know what I
said?”
“He’s a pervert, Mom!”
“I’m the pervert. ‘No,’ I said, ‘he may be for someone else, Mother, but he’s
not Jewish.’ ‘Not Jewish,’ my Mother said, ‘why are you wasting your time.
Alexia?’ And that’s just it, Nicky – wasting time. I’m always wasting time. I
don’t mean you. I mean in general, my life in general – I always feel like I’m
wasting my time! I should be – doing something else, I think. I envy you, in your
way, how you’re always spending your time writing this and that. This is what
makes me so depressed – I feel like I’m getting old and I’ve done nothing.”
“You’re not old.”
“I feel like it,” she said. “And yes, I need to get married, right? Find a nice
Jewish man who’ll take care of me, and bear his fucking children for him. Lose
my virginity, keep my secret desires hidden, for surely he’ll be offended. And I
won’t have to work. He’ll take care of me; I’ll stay home and raise the kids. OH
FUCK, NICKY, I DON’T WANT THAT KIND OF FUCKING LIFE! THAT’S
NOT ME!! BUT WHAT AM I GOING TO DO?!? MY PARENTS EXPECT
THIS OF ME! MY WHOLE FAMILY DOES!! ‘WHEN IS ALEXIA GOING

TO GET HER HEAD STRAIGHT AND MARRY AND START A FAMILY
LIKE NORMAL PEOPLE DO???’ ”
I held her. She hit my chest with her fists . . . not hard.
“I’m sorry, I’m sorry,” she said, wiping tears.
“It’s all right,” I said.
“It’s not all right. You didn’t come over for this.”
“No, no, it’s all right.”
“You came here to fuck. So let’s fuck.”
“You don’t seem in the right –”
“No,” she said, “I want to fuck.”
We went to the bed, took some of our clothes off, kissed a little. She wasn’t
into it, I wasn’t into it.
We lay there.
“Barry McGinnis is having a birthday party next week,” I said.
“How old’s he going to be?”
“Forty-eight, I think,” I said.
“I thought he was fifty.”
“I’m not sure.”
“You know what,” she said.
“What?”
“I’m so pissed off at my whole family, everything, all of it,” she said. “Fuck
my heritage, fuck tradition. I feel like losing my virginity. Do you want to do
that? Fuck my pussy? You can if you want.”
“I’d like that,” I said. “I never deflowered a virgin.”
She laughed. “That sounded so silly, ‘I never deflowered a virgin.’ ”
“It’s true.”
“Anyone ever tell you that you’re melodramatic, sometimes?”
“No.”
“You are,” she said. “Deflower on.”
I got on top of her.
“Wait,” Alexia said.
“What is it?”
“I can’t.”
“I have condoms in my car,” I said.
“It’s not that,” she said. “I’m scared all of a sudden,” she said. “I can’t.”
“Well,” I said, “OK.”
I rolled off her.
“Nicky, I’m sorry.”
“It’s all right.”
“It was a wild moment in my head.”

“It was a wild moment in my head.”
“I know.”
“I’ll suck you off,” she said.
I woke up to the sound of shattering – something. Breaking. And cries. Alexia.
She was cursing, and sobbing. In the kitchen. I went to her. There were broken
plates and glasses all over the floor; Alexia was naked, standing there, her feet
bleeding. Her face streaked with tears. She just looked at me. She cried out, and
broke the rest of the plates.
I went to her, cautious. “What the hell are you doing?”
“I need help,” she whispered.
I held onto her, and took her to the living room. She was trailing blood on the
floor. I went to the bedroom, found her robe, brought it to her.
“My medicine,” she said.
“What medicine?”
“You need to call my brother,” she said. “It’s bad.”
“What? What?”
“Just call my brother, he’ll know what to do.”
She gave me a number, and I called. An office. I told the man on the other line
I was a friend of Alexia’s – “She told me to call –”
“She’s at home?”
“Yes,” I said.
“I’ll be there.”
Half an hour later, a man in his early thirties showed up, in a suit. He looked a
little like Alexia. Alexia was curled up on the couch. He went to her, and helped
her up.
“Come, now,” he said. “Everything’s OK.”
I felt stupid standing there.
“It’s OK,” her brother told me. “It happens. I can handle it from here.”
And they left me there. Alexia and her brother departed in his car, and I was
alone in her place, with broken plates and glasses and a bad energy lingering.
I tiptoed through the kitchen, like a mine field, and got myself a beer. I needed
a beer. And another. She had vodka, and I had some of that. I waited. Weren’t
they coming back? It was night. I finished the vodka and beer and I was drunk
and went to sleep. I dreamed Alexia’s ghost came to visit me. “Hello, Nicky, I’m
dead.” I woke, sweating. I went back to sleep. I kept thinking she’d come in any
minute, and join me, and we could make love. In the morning, I was still alone. I
took a shower, washed up. In the bathroom cabinet, I found a large assortment of
pills. I didn’t know what they were all for. I knew what Prozac was for.
I remembered her brother’s number and called it, told him who I was. “I was

I remembered her brother’s number and called it, told him who I was. “I was
just wondering if she’s OK,” I said. “I’m worried.”
“Oh, she’s just fine,” her brother said. “I took her to the hospital.”
“The hospital?”
“Yes. It happens sometimes. They bandaged her feet. She’ll be okay. She’ll be
out in a few days. She has her medication. You’re a friend of hers?”
“Yes.”
“You’re a nice friend.”
I locked her place up, and went home.

THREE
I went to Barry’s birthday party alone.
Barry’s party was well-attended – faculty from the school, students, writers,
odd friends here and there. I drank, and I intended to get quite drunk. There were
plenty of drugs going around, mostly pot and speed and I heard somewhere that
someone had acid, but I couldn’t find the acid. I think Barry was on acid – he
was acting like it – and he’d done a lot of speed as well.
This is where I connected with Hanna.
Hanna was in the same class with me as Alexia, plus another class, and I’d
never really taken note of her. She had tattoos, punk-style short hair dyed red,
green, and blue, and wore baggy nondescript clothes. At the party, however, she
wore a low-cut, short dress, showing a good portion of her milky white skin and
assorted tats. Some time during the party, a good four hours into it, we started
talking, and when we weren’t talking, she was staring at me from across the
party. She was pretty drunk (and on acid, I found out later) and I wondered what
the sudden interest was. Well, I didn’t care. I found myself sitting on the outside
stairs and talking with her, and we got closer, mentioning how we liked each
other, and then we were kissing.
“Oh,” she said, looking down. “Oh, I’m drunk.”
“Me, too.”
“Kiss me again, man.”
I did.
“This is funny,” I said. “I had no idea you liked me.”
“Neither did I. I just found out tonight. Maybe it’s the acid.”
“You have acid?”
“I took acid. You want to fuck me?”
“Yeah.”
“We need to find a place to fuck.”
We searched out and discovered Barry, who was swaying about, a beer in

We searched out and discovered Barry, who was swaying about, a beer in
both hands.
“Barry,” I said, “we need a place to fuck.”
“Well,” Barry said, “you should use the guest room.”
We were all hanging onto each other, so we wouldn’t fall.
“Thanks,” Hanna said, and kissed Barry. He kissed her back. Then they were
kissing quite passionately.
I smiled. “Maybe we should have a threesome.”
“Hey,” Barry said, “I’m there.”
“Really?” Hanna said. “God, Dr McGinnis, I’ve been wanting to fuck you for
a long time.”
The three of us went to the guest room. It was dark, and we fell to the bed.
Barry and I were all over Hanna, undressing her, kissing her, touching her.
Hanna kept saying how much she wanted us both. Barry sat up and said, “I can’t
do this. What am I doing?”
“What?” Hanna said.
“If my wife walked in, she’d kill me,” he said. “I’m in enough trouble as it is.”
The last I saw his wife, she was lying in the grass, on acid, staring at the stars.
“Damn,” Hanna said.
“Some other time,” Barry said, and kissed her. He left.
“Come here and fuck me,” Hanna said, and I got on top of her. After a minute,
she said, “Wait!”
“What is it?”
She got up and ran to the bathroom, closing the door. I listened, heard her
throwing up. I left the bedroom and rejoined the party, which was starting to
scatter at this point. Barry’s wife was still on the grass and Barry was snorting a
line of speed in the living room.
“Back so soon?” Barry asked.
“Hanna’s sick,” I said.
“Ah, ah,” he sniffed. “Well, really, look, Nicky, this threesome sounds like
fun: we have to do it a different time.”
I suddenly realized I didn’t think sharing a woman with Barry, as much as I
liked him, would be my thing.
I made myself a tequila tonic, and went outside. I sat on the stairs.
Hanna joined me. Her dress was back on. “Sorry ’bout that.”
“You OK?”
“I’m OK.”
“Sure?”
“It happens. I’ve puked before.”
“Can I have a kiss?”

“Can I have a kiss?”
“I puked.”
“That’s OK.”
We kissed. She didn’t taste like anything bad.
“The party seems to be ending,” I said.
“Parties end, you go home.”
“I’m too drunk to drive.”
“I can drive.”
“You’re on acid.”
“I’m coming down,” she said. “That puke sobered me up. I can drive, believe
me. You want me to drive you home?”
“That’d be nice.”
We said our goodbyes, and got into her car, a small two-seater.
“You want to come home with me?” she asked.
“Yes,” I said.
She lived in the graduate housing section on campus, a studio apartment,
really, which was packed with books, CDs, clothes, a water bed, and a Fender
electric guitar – not to mention a single goldfish in a bowl that, Hanna told me,
had no name. It was around three in the morning when we got there.
“I feel so weird,” Hanna said, “and I feel so good.”
We lay on the waterbed, kissed and touched.
“Does my goldfish look weird to you?” she asked.
“Looks like a goldfish.”
“I think he may be getting sick,” she said. “I’ve had him all year.”
I remembered that it was almost the end of the school year – I’d entered the
program in the spring semester. Summer was close. I hadn’t felt this since high
school – summer, no school, what to do? I wanted Hanna.
“I know this is gonna sound bad, man,” she told me, “but I’m not sure if we
should fuck.”
“Oh, boy,” I said.
“What?”
“Nothing.”
“I mean I wanna fuck, of course I wanna fuck, but I’m always fucking. I
mean, fucking guys I just meet. I have to stop this. I started this two years ago. I
was raped. After I was raped, I just fucked any guy who walked by. It messes
with my head. I’m sorry.”
I was actually tired, and suggested we sleep. Hanna couldn’t sleep – the acid
was still in her, and she’d done some speed.
We undressed. I liked looking at her tattoos – a dragon on her back, a snake
on her left arm, a spider above her right tit, assorted butterflies and black roses

on her left arm, a spider above her right tit, assorted butterflies and black roses
on her hip, near her cunt, and on her legs. It was four-thirty in the morning.
I got on top of her.
We woke up early that afternoon, fucked again, dressed, and went onto campus
to get something to eat. Slices of thick pizza, ice cold soda. I needed a beer.
“Damn, you know,” Hanna said, “I have this paper to write.”
“On?”
“Comparison of the poetry of Sharon Olds and Carolyn Forsche.”
“I love both their work.”
“You know their work?”
“Of course I know their work,” I said.
“Not too many guys . . .” She shrugged.
“When’s the paper due?”
“Two days.”
“Two days?”
“Twelve pages.”
“Two days,” I said.
“I always wait until the last minute,” she said. “And I always get As. I’m an A
student: ask Dr McGinnis.”
“A as in ass?”
“What?”
“Guess you need to work on that paper today,” I said.
“Tomorrow.” She finished the last bite of her pizza. “I want to fuck you some
more today.”

FOUR
Hanna was twenty-two, used to play in a rock band, was now an MA candidate
in comparative lit (obviously). She was worried about her goldfish, but the
goldfish seemed fine to me, as far as goldfish go. Our sex that day was fun and
normal – we kept to several positions, we didn’t do anything kinky. I liked being
with her, enclosed in her room, the world just the two of us. The world was
fucked, and Hanna knew this as well as me. She’d had some bad experiences –
the rape, yes, and a short stint as a heroin addict when she was a teenager, and
the death of a brother by a drive-by shooting.
“I’ve seen your novel at the bookstore,” she told me, “but I haven’t read it. I’d
like to.”
I gave her a copy.
That evening, I decided I should leave. I needed a change of clothes, a

That evening, I decided I should leave. I needed a change of clothes, a
shower; I needed to go home and be alone for a little while, maybe write. Hanna
needed to work on her paper.
“Don’t worry,” she said, hugging me, “I’ll get it done on time. I always do.”
“Good, good.”
“Well.”
“Well.”
“I always hate this part,” she said. “You want to see me again?”
“Yes,” I said. “When?”
She shrugged. “Let’s just flow.”
I went by Barry’s office. He was going through his mail.
“Nicky,” he said, “this was left on my door.”
It was a small envelope, to me from Hanna.
“Look,” he said, “I’m not your mail service.”
Dear Nicky,
I’m leaving this letter on Dr McGinnis’ door because I don’t have your
number and I don’t know how to reach you. We should’ve exchanged phone
numbers! What was I thinking? I need you! God, I can’t believe what’s going
on. All I can think about is you being here, holding me in your arms and
making me feel safe. I read your novel and it made me cry. The ending was so
sad. I haven’t felt so sad in a long time. It is a good kind of sad, the kind of
sad that makes you think about love and the world. I wrote my paper and now
I just want you here inside me. PLEASE CALL IMMEDIATELY!
Love,
Hanna
She left her number, and I called.
“I knew it’d be you,” she said.
“Psychic?”
“Just hope.”
“The letter was nice,” I said.
“Just get over here,” she said.
“I don’t know why I didn’t notice you before,” Hanna said, after sex. “I can’t get
your face out of my mind now. Even looking at your face, I also see it in my
mind.”
“So you see two faces.”
“Someone else noticed you, I could tell. Alexia.”
“I know.”

“I know.”
“You slept with her?”
“A few times, yes.”
“Are you still?”
“Well, no,” I said.
“She’s pretty.”
“Yes.”
“I’d fuck her.”
“You’re bi?”
“When the time is right,” she said. “I was gay, for a year. Before I was raped.
I had a girlfriend. We lived together. We were in a band together.”
“You loved her?”
“I loved her very much,” she squeezed me. “Right now, I’m straight as an
arrow, with Nicky Bayless. Tell me what she was like.”
“Alexia?”
“Yeah. What happened to her anyway?”
“She’s – sorting out her life.”
“Aren’t we all? What was she like?”
“She’s a nice person.”
“I mean in bed, man.”
I laughed. “You won’t believe it.”
“I won’t?”
I told her everything about Alexia – except the broken plates and glasses.
“I believe that,” Hanna said. “I hear women from the Mediterranean are like
that, too. Not the golden shower stuff, just – you know. You know what? I’ve
never done anal sex.”
“No?”
“Nope. For no reason, really. It just never came up. Huh – it’s weird, I guess.”
“Well,” I said.
She smiled. “You wanna say, ‘Can I deflower you?’ ”
Too much of Alexia was inside my head, and I tried to push her out. But she
was there. “Yeah,” I said.
“I don’t know,” Hanna said.
I pulled her close to me.
She said, “You, you.”
I grabbed her short hair and kissed her.
“Tell me,” Hanna said, “what you wanna do to me.”
“Your ass,” I said, like I was delirious. “I want your ass.”
“Like Alexia?”
“Like you.”

“Like you.”
“There’s a first time for everything,” she said.
I played with her butt, fingers exploring. Hanna’s ass was meatier than
Alexia’s, an alabaster white. I went down on her ass, my tongue pressing against
her virgin pucker. I asked if she liked this and she said it felt nice. Next, I slid a
finger into her. She liked this very much. I finger-fucked her for a good half
hour, my other hand at her cunt, and I made her come.
“This is so good,” she said.
“Do you feel ready to be fucked in the ass?”
“The finger is nice,” she said, “but a whole cock?”
I took my finger out of her, and put it in my mouth. “You’re yummy.”
“Let’s do it.”
“You have Vaseline?”
“Cabinet, bathroom.”
I went to the bathroom, got the Vaseline, applied some to my cock, to her ass,
and tried to get in her. Hanna was on her stomach, butt up. I got the head of my
cock in her when she cried out, “Oh, shit, oh, crap, no! OWW! FUCK! TAKE IT
OUT!”
I removed myself.
She turned around. “It’s not me, it’s just not me. A tongue, a finger, sure, but
not a fucking dick, man.”
“I’m sorry,” I said.
“I’m sorry,” she said. “You really wanted me that way.”
“I’ll live.”
“I want to please you.”
“You do.”
“Lie back.” A hand pushed my chest.
Hanna took me in her mouth. She deep-throated me, her nose pressed into my
pubic hair. I immediately shot into her mouth.
“I usually don’t like the taste of come,” she told me. “Yours is OK.”
“Just OK?”
“Wanna taste?” She moved to kiss me.
“Hey, it is OK.”
“I really did cry at the end of your book,” she said later.
“So did I,” I said. “When I was writing it.”
“You’ve felt pain.”
“Sure.”
“Pain is sexy.”
“Never thought about it like that.”
“I don’t mean physical pain. I mean here,” she touched her head, “and here,”

“I don’t mean physical pain. I mean here,” she touched her head, “and here,”
touching her chest, “the pain inside. Maybe I mean sadness. Maybe I’m a
cerebral masochist.”
“I like that: ‘cerebral masochist’.”
“I love you,” she said.
“You do?”
“Is it OK to say that?”
“We hardly know each other.”
“I fall in love pretty fast. Don’t say ‘I love you’ back. Because you don’t.”
I didn’t.

FIVE
“Fuck her,” Bart said, “I want to watch you fuck the shit out of her.”
Lying naked on the bed, Randi smiled. She was on acid and pot and vodka
and coke and I don’t know what else. I was with them, the both of them, in
Bart’s apartment, and I wasn’t quite sure how I got there. We were at the pub,
but it was summer, and there wasn’t the usual crowd – there wasn’t any Barry
McGinnis or Hanna or even Alexia.
Bart found it funny that I was sleeping with Hanna.
“Funny? Why is that so funny?” I asked.
“She doesn’t seem your type,” he said.
“My type?”
“Or Alexia,” he said.
“What’s my type?” I asked.
“You tell me. Take Randi, for example.”
She was a few feet away, talking to someone, and she couldn’t hear us.
“OK,” I said.
“She looks good.”
“Yes.”
“Nice ass.”
“Yes.”
“Nice tits.”
“Yeah.”
“She’s fuckable,” Bart said.
“I imagine so.”
“Sucks cock GOOD,” Bart said.
“I imagine so.”
“Is she your type?”
“She could be my type,” I said.

“She could be my type,” I said.
“You want to fuck her?”
“What kind of question is that?”
“Nick,” he said, “I like watching guys fuck her. It really turns me on.”
Then we were at his place, and Randi got undressed and sat on the bed. We’d
dropped acid before leaving the bar, and Randi was doing coke on the way.
“Who would’ve thought,” Bart said, and laughed, and slapped me on the back.
I wasn’t sure what he was getting at.
“C’mon, fuck her.” Bart pulled up a chair.
Randi looked good. They were both beautiful and blonde and tan. While Bart
was an MFA poet, Randi worked as a hostess of some upscale club downtown,
and I knew she made good money at it. I could not help but feel aroused,
especially looking at the blonde pubes between her legs. Randi saw what I was
looking at and opened her legs. Her finger touched her clit, and made a circular
motion. “You like what you see, Nicky?” she said. I did. I went down on her,
engulfed her, got a mouthful, got a taste, ate her. The acid was hitting me pretty
hard at this point. I put my tongue in her as far as I could get it. I was about to
turn her over when Randi started pulling at my pants, saying she wanted my
cock. Bart was getting a real kick out of this, sitting in the chair, drinking a
Heineken. I was on my knees on the bed, and Randi was reaching around,
cupping my balls with one hand, squeezing my ass with the other, and sucking
me off. Then I had a condom on my cock, and I was fucking her. I fucked her
several ways, and came. She peeled the condom off, and emptied my come into
her mouth. Some of the semen spilled out the side of her lips, going down her
neck and shoulder.
“Right on,” Bart said.
Bart got on the bed, and I sat in the chair. I needed a beer. I watched Bart kiss
her, my come still on her lips, in her mouth. Bart started fucking her, his ass
going up and down. He had a perfect, round, tanned ass. Randi spread his ass
with her hands, and said, “Hey, Nicky, would you like some of this?”
“Crazy woman,” Bart laughed.
“I like watching men fuck him,” she said, “as much as he likes watching men
fuck me.”
“I don’t think Nick swings that way,” Bart said.
“Do you or don’t you?” she asked me.
I got up, and went to get a beer. Bart continued to fuck her.
Later, I wondered if I shouldn’t have fucked Bart after all. I was in the mood
for anything.

SIX
I had lunch with Alexia.
“You just vanished,” I said.
“I had to,” she said. “I don’t expect you to understand.”
“I want to understand,” I said.
She wouldn’t explain. Lunch was awkward, but it was good to see her. We
went to a bar nearby to have a few drinks.
“Come home with me,” I said.
“I can’t,” she said.
“We can go to your place,” I suggested.
“You don’t want me,” she said. “You just want to fuck me.”
“I want you,” I told her, “I need you.”
“You just want to fuck me,” she said. “Fuck my ass, piss on me. You want the
dirty world.”
“The world is dirty,” I said.
“I want the nice world,” she said, and added, “I’m moving, Nicky.”
“Moving?”
“To San Francisco,” she said. “Next week.”
“That’s rather sudden.”
“I’ve been thinking about it for a while.”
“What about your Master’s?”
“I can transfer to SFSU.”
“What’s in San Francisco?”
She said, “My family is not there.”
I’d been playing around on the Internet more and more, and had discovered online chat and all the various channels and rooms. There were some local
channels, where a lot of people from the University hung out; women, in
particular. Or so they claimed. This is where I met Mo. Mo was her on-line
name, and evidently what people called her in real life (short for Maureen, her
real name).
My on-line play with Mo was consistent with that of many others: vampirism,
sexual descriptions, strange adventures and scatology. It was fun, but for the
most part, silly. I soon started to grow tired of it; it was all right when you were
bored, but the novelty could only last for so long.
What are you doing right now? Mo typed.
Nothing, I wrote back. Just sitting here.
Why don’t you come over?

Where do you live?
On campus, she replied, at the student apartments.
She gave me her address. I was leery at first, wondering if I was being set up.
For all I knew, Mo could be a guy. She did tell me she was Asian, nineteen, and
that people said she was pretty. What the hell, I believed her, and went to her
place.
She was fortunate to be in the apartments and not the dorms, for an
undergraduate, but still shared the apartment with three other young women
(whom I had not met yet). Mo greeted me in a long white terry-cloth robe (like
most kids at the University, she didn’t get out of bed until afternoon). She was
an exquisite young woman, and part of my delight was that she was, indeed, a
young woman, and real at that. She was Asian, as she said, with dark slanted
eyes, brown skin, and long black hair. She was tall and slender and she smiled
and said, “Hello,” and let me in. “So,” she said, “you’re WmGibson.”
“WmGibson” was the screen name I used on line, a bad one at that, all the
cyberpunk connotations laid right out.
“Actually,” I said, “my name is Nick.”
“You said.”
“I did?”
“Yeah.”
“Nicky,” I said.
“I like ‘WmGibson’,” Mo said.
The apartment smelled of and looked of young women. I felt awkward, being
older than Mo. I knew that many of the graduate students who were TAs slept
with their freshmen students – it was all par for the course. But I wasn’t a TA,
and Mo wasn’t one of my students. I was getting ahead of myself anyway – how
did I know something of a sexual nature was going to occur between Mo and
myself? Maybe she just invited me over to be friendly?
Mo offered me something to drink, and I said milk would be nice. She
laughed at that, and said, “Don’t you want a beer?”
“Not now,” I said.
“I have milk,” she said.
She got me a glass of milk and she had a soda. We talked some; it was small
talk. Her robe kept opening, giving me a glance of cleavage, but she’d quickly
close it. I was falling in lust. Mo never wiped away the sultry grin she
maintained, and I couldn’t read what was in her small dark eyes, often covered
by strands of black hair. I detected something insidious. I didn’t know if I should
make a move or not.
“Let’s get on-line,” she suggested, “and tell everyone you’re here. That should
stir up some gossip.”

stir up some gossip.”
It didn’t sound exciting to me but I said why not. Mo lived to be on-line; she
was a true William Gibson character in the flesh – bright, Asian, and Net-savvy.
I asked about her heritage, and she said her family had come from Korea.
She took me to her bedroom, one of three in the unit. It was small and
cluttered, with a single bed, a desk, and a Macintosh computer. It smelled
feminine. There were clothes all over the floor – skirts, jeans, blouses, bras and
panties.
She logged into one of the chatrooms we both frequented; sure enough, there
were people we knew there, both on-campus and all over the globe.
Guess who is here in my room? Mo typed. WmGibson! :^)
Some people said hello to me, some said they didn’t believe it.
“Say hello,” Mo said to me, getting up from her desk.
I sat at the desk. Mo sat on the edge of her bed, which was very close to the
desk.
Hey everyone, I typed. It is me, WmGibson, aka Nicky Bayless, and I am here
with Mo.
Answers were like so:
No way!
Kiss Mo!
Jerk!
It’s Mo fooling again.
I felt silly typing, No it’s really me.
This is when Mo slipped her foot between my legs. First she guided her naked
foot, with clean, well-clipped nails, up my leg, leaned back on the bed, and got
her foot into my crotch. This wasn’t an easy thing to do, but I had my torso halfturned in the chair. I turned some more.
She sprung up, and came to me. She sat in my lap. She reached for the
keyboard and typed: Guess what I’m doing? Rubbing WmGibson’s cock and
balls with my left foot!
She added: I’m now trying to stick my big toe up his asshole. His asshole is
resistant, but my toe is getting in there.
I laughed, and she laughed.
As the chatroom clamor went on, I touched Mo – her back, her neck, her
breasts. She stood, and we embraced. She ran her fingers through my hair and it
felt very nice. I kissed her chest where the robe opened.
“I haven’t showered in three days,” she told me. “I must be gross.”
“No,” I said, although I could smell and taste her sweat.
I started to stand, to kiss her. She pushed me back in the chair.
“I don’t kiss,” she said.

“I don’t kiss,” she said.
“What?”
“Anyone.”
“Why?”
“I hate saliva,” she said. “Mouths, tongues: yuck.”
We continued to embrace and touch. I pulled at the sash of her robe.
She said, “What do you think you’re doing, little boy?”
“I want to see your body,” I said. “You won’t let me kiss you; let me see your
body.”
“Only for a second,” she said.
She opened her robe, still in my arms, and revealed her young, beautiful
frame. Medium-sized breasts with dark nipples, an outie-bellybutton, a very
thick patch of black pubic hair. She then closed her robe and smiled and said,
“There, you’ve seen it.”
“Kiss me.”
“No way.”
I pulled her to me, my face pressed between her covered breasts. She
continued to run her fingers through my hair.
“Play on the Net,” she said. “I’m going to take a shower.”
“Now?”
“I need a shower.”
She left me there, at her desk, and went into the shower. I heard the water run.
I logged her account off, and logged into mine, getting back on the same
chatroom channel.
Hey, someone named Nexus said, are you really at Mo’s place?
Yes, I replied.
Cool, Nexus said.
I was getting all the signals wrong. Mo was naked in the shower; I could see
the hot water hitting her brown body, the water rolling down it. I logged off, got
up, and tried the bathroom door. It was unlocked. I went in.
“Is that you?” Mo said from the shower.
There was a lot of steam. I said, “Yes.”
“It’s about time,” she said. “Get naked and join me.”
I got naked and joined her.
We spent a good twenty minutes cleaning one another with a bar of soap,
putting shampoo in each other’s hair, and touching each other’s sex. I took every
opportunity I could get to feel her body – her neck, her chest, her breasts, her
stomach, her ass, her cunt. She let me finger her clit, but wouldn’t let me slide
my finger in; each time I tried, she said, “No, not yet.” Not yet? And she still
would not kiss me on the lips; she allowed me to kiss other parts of her body, but

would not kiss me on the lips; she allowed me to kiss other parts of her body, but
not the lips. She took my very hard cock in her hand, stroked it, and took it in
both hands. I made myself not come. We got out of the shower, and dried each
other off. Naked, we went back to her bedroom. I pushed her toward the bed.
“I said I will not kiss you,” she said.
“I know,” I said, and put my mouth on her tits.
I reached for her cunt. She sat up. I laid on the bed, rubbed her back.
“You should know something,” she said. “I’m a virgin.”
“I’ve heard that before,” I said, and stifled a sad – a very sad – laugh.
“What?” she said, and just when I thought she would tell me I could fuck her
in the ass, Mo said, “I swallow.”
“What’s that?”
“I can suck like a crazy machine,” she said.
“Show me,” I said.
“I want to show you,” she said, and did. She went down on my cock. She
wasted no time, and had the whole thing in her mouth. She cupped my balls in
her hand, squeezing just a little too hard. After the whole shower bit, I was ready
to explode, and explode I did, several huge spurts of semen, which she
swallowed completely.
“Yum,” she said. “Reminds me, I’m hungry. You want to go get something to
eat?”
“I want to eat you,” I said.
“Not now, later,” she said. She stood, and went to her closet. “I need food. I
don’t want to eat on campus.”
“There’s plenty of places to go,” I said.
“OK,” she said. “Don’t watch me dress.”
“I just like looking at you.”
“I don’t like people watching me dress. Go get your clothes on.”
I went to the bathroom and retrieved my clothes, like a good boy.
We went to get pizza a few miles off campus. She ordered a beer and wasn’t
carded.
“So,” said Mo, leaning back. “Tell me about Nicky Bayless, aka WmGibson.”
“What’s to tell?”
She leaned forward, voice low. “I can still taste your come in my mouth. The
back of my mouth, really. You just pumped your come in my mouth and I don’t
know anything about you. Don’t you think that’s kinda weird, on my part?”
“I’m getting hard again.”
“Good. I like guys who’re always hard.”
“Tell me about you,” I said.

“Tell me about you,” I said.
“I like sucking dick,” she said. “I like to swallow. I could swallow all day.”
“I’m twenty-eight,” I said.
“Nice.”
“Graduate student.”
“Nice.”
“I write things.”
“Nice.”
“But you know all this.”
“Yes.”
“So what do you want to know?”
“Do you have a girlfriend?”
“No.”
“Do you want me to be your girlfriend?”
“Yes.”
“Will you marry me?”
“I don’t know you.”
“Will you marry me?”
“Yes,” I said. ”
“Tonight?”
“We could drive to Vegas.”
“Mo Bayless. Sounds funny.”
“Let’s do it,” I said.
“I’d give up my virginity for the man who’d marry me.”
“We can be in Vegas before midnight,” I said.
She said, “Many guys wanna marry me.”
“I bet.”
“I have a lot of boyfriends.”
“I bet,” I said, and asked, “Do you swallow them all?”
She said, “Yes.”
“Oh.”
“I bet you have girlfriends.”
“Women come and go in my life,” I said. “Dark entries.”
“And I’m just another,” she said.
“Tell me about Maureen.”
“Mo.”
“Oh?”
“I hate ‘Maureen’.”
“Mo.”
“Mo has nowhere to go,” she said, softly.

“Mo has nowhere to go,” she said, softly.
“What?”
She eyed me. “My parents would never approve of you.”
“I’m too old.”
“Too white.”
“I see.”
“I have to marry a nice Korean man –”
“I could fake it,” I said.
“– some day.”
“But not today?”
“Today,” she said, “I’d marry you.”
“Let’s do it.”
“You just want my pussy.”
“I want you.”
“Are you still hard?”
“Very.”
“I want to swallow you again,” she said. “Maybe for dessert?”
“Let’s eat fast.”
“Behavioral science,” Mo said.
“What?”
“My major. For now.”
“How am I behaving?”
“Too nice,” she said.
“What should I do, to not be so nice?”
“Grab me by the hair. Force me to suck your dick.”
“Here?”
“Sure.”
When we were done, and in my car, I grabbed her hair, hard. I tried to kiss
her.
“Don’t kiss me,” she said, a hand on my chest.
“Dammit,” I said.
“Make me suck your dick. I have these elaborate rape fantasies that I’ll tell
you about someday.”
I took my cock out, grabbed her head, and pushed her down. I closed my eyes,
enjoying the sensation of her blowjob. I came in her mouth the second time that
night.
I took Mo home, and there I met her two roommates, both of whom had short
hair and were nineteen or twenty, young.
“Just another guy,” I said to Mo, referring to her roommates’ looks.
“Do you care?”

“Do you care?”
“No,” I said.
“Do you want your dick sucked more?”
“Yes,” I said.
We undressed, in the dark, and lay on the bed, where she took my cock back
in her mouth. I wanted her, too; I told her this.
Mo said, “I’d like your face in my pussy.”
I was quick to get between her legs. Now I had her cunt before me, the fresh
smell of it, and I licked it. I spread it open. I couldn’t admire, in the dark, what I
knew must have been the beauty of a virgin twat (perhaps quite unlike Alexia’s),
but I could taste it, and it was the sweetest cunt I’ve ever had on my tongue, my
lips, my mouth. Mo squirmed with delight, and made enough loud sounds that I
knew her roommates were getting an earful. I moved a finger to her opening, and
was surprised she let me do this. I slid the finger in. Mo’s body tensed all over,
and began to shake. “That’s it, Nicky,” she said, “finger-fuck that kitty,” and I
did, sliding it in and out, my tongue pressed and lapping against her clit the
whole time. Mo’s shaking became almost frightening, but intriguing and fun at
the same time; and she came with such a shrilling cry I’m sure it echoed all
across the campus.
I kissed her bellybutton, my lips wet with her sex. I moved up to kiss her, but
she looked away. I moved up more, so that my cock was at her mouth. She took
it. My hands were against the wall by the bed, balancing my body, so that I was
able to move my cock in and out of her mouth with the motion of my hips,
fucking her pretty Asian face. Looking down, all I could see was the silhouette
of her hair, and a slight whiteness of her eyes, as she was looking up at me. Mo’s
hands grabbed my ass, pulling me, making me fuck her mouth deeper. She
squeezed and rubbed my ass, and one finger moved to touch my asshole. I was a
piston, going in and out of her mouth, and I too let out a loud groan (maybe too
loud, wanting her roommates to hear) and came in Mo’s mouth a third time that
night.
I came in her mouth a fourth time a few hours later, waking up to her sucking
me off. It took me a good while to get there this fourth time, but she didn’t seem
to mind, and I enjoyed every minute, every second.
It was awkward sleeping in that single bed with her; we were close and
entwined. Sleeping with someone else, I usually like room. It was also very nice.
Her smell, her body, her hair, her flesh was always on me. I felt her pubes
against my leg. She slept well, but I didn’t. I never sleep well in a new
environment. I looked at her in the night, and pondered on her beauty, and
basked in the comfort of being so near her.
In the morning, we sixty-nined, she on top of me; I licked her from cunt to
asshole as she kept my cock deep into her mouth. She didn’t come, but I did.

asshole as she kept my cock deep into her mouth. She didn’t come, but I did.
She had to get ready to go to class, and I had to go home. I had nothing to do
at home. I tried talking her into skipping class.
“Kiss me goodbye,” she said.
I kissed her, gently, on the lips.
“That’s no kiss,” Mo said.
“You said you hated kissing.”
“I say that to all strangers.”
“I’m not a stranger?” I asked.
“After last night?” she said.
We kissed for a good five minutes; then I left.
I was soon to learn I was in a long line of lovers Mo had, mostly younger men. A
few days later, I went to her place, and she took me inside, wearing shorts and a
halter. There was a guy sitting on her floor. He wore glasses, baggy jeans, was
perhaps twenty. He stared at me.
“Steve,” she said, “time to go.”
Still looking at me, he got up, and left.
“Someone?” I asked.
“I was blowing him most of the afternoon,” Mo said.
“How many times did he come?”
“Twice.”
“Your mouth must be tired,” I said.
“No.” She smiled. “I can suck you for a few hours.”
And she did, and I came in her mouth twice.
“Just how many cocks do you suck?” I asked her.
“A lot,” Mo said. “I’m a suck-machine, you know.”
She wasn’t kidding. But I was going to Bosnia in a few days, and I really
didn’t care.
Still, the idea of her sucking cock non-stop rows of dick was a delightful
image.

SEVEN
Randi’s ass was high in the air, moving back and forth. “Yeah,” Bart said. The
three of us were royally fucked-up.
“Spread your ass,” I said to her.
She reached back and spread her cheeks.
“I want to see that asshole,” I said.
“She has a nice little bud,” Bart said.

“She has a nice little bud,” Bart said.
“Spread that asshole,” I said.
“You wanna fuck her in the ass?” Bart asked me.
“Deeply.”
“I like watching her taking it in the ass,” Bart said, “horny little bitch.”
“That’s hot little bitch,” Randi said.
Bart went to the store to get more alcohol. Randi and I were kissing on the bed,
still naked.
She stopped me.
“I don’t like all this as much as you think,” she said.
“This?”
“It’s Bart’s thing,” she said. “It’s what turns him on.”
“Maybe I should go.”
“No.”
“Now I feel weird.”
“Don’t. This is fine,” she said.
I didn’t feel like kissing.
“I shouldn’t talk,” she said.
“It’s all right,” I said.
When Bart came back, Randi started sucking on my flaccid cock.
I got hard.

EIGHT
I went to San Francisco to do a reading.
I called Alexia. She lived in this city now, and I had her number.
“Alexia,” I said, “it’s me.”
“Where are you?” she said.
“The City.”
“No, you’re not.”
“Really, I am. I’m doing a reading.”
“Now?”
“Yes.”
“How weird,” she said. “I didn’t hear about any reading. How weird.”
“Why weird?”
“I can’t say.”
“Why?”
“It’s a secret,” she said.
“I like secrets,” I said.

“I like secrets,” I said.
“I know,” she said. “Then you write about other people’s secrets. You make
the lives around you into stories.”
“Well, I’m here and I’d like to see you,” I said. “Would you like to see me?”
“Of course,” she said, “but I’m sick. Don’t I sound sick to you? I must sound
sick.”
“How sick?” I asked.
“Sick in bed,” she said.
I thought she said sick in the head.
She said: “I haven’t gotten out of bed all day. That’s why I’m not at work.
You know I got a job – finally. And not in the film biz. I’ve been sick for a few
days but I’m getting over it – the flu, I had the flu, I still have the flu. A little
bit.”
“Oh, I see,” I said. “Well, the reading’s tonight,” I said.
“Where?”
“This bookstore on Valencia, I don’t know where: it’s called Sucking the
Zeitgeist Books.”
“If I feel better later on,” Alexia said, “I’ll go.”
“Please go,” I said, “I’ll feel so rejected and sad if you don’t.”
“Oh, you’re good, Nicky! You know what a guilt sponge I am! You’re
manipulating me!” She was laughing.
“I work at it,” I said.
“OK,” she said, “I’ll be there.”
It was good to see her. She did look a little sick and she kept wiping her nose
with a tissue. She wore her dark-rimmed glasses and a short black dress; her
long black hair was in a ponytail. I ran my fingers through her hair like I used to
when we were together, those brief moments, and she smiled and made a sexy
sound and said, “I like you touching my hair.” It all seemed so strange. We were
sitting in Sucking the Zeitgeist Bookstore, which was also a coffee shop, with
my publisher and another writer whose novel was out from this same publisher –
his name was Luke and he was a professor from Utah and he also knew Barry
McGinnis, they were colleagues of some sort, had edited a few special issues of
journals together. Also with us was Karl, one of those – what I say – wannabe
hangers-on; he published a magazine with a small circulation (had even
published me) and all he liked to talk about were other writers, which was
usually something bad; he also liked to talk about the novel he was writing, the
novel that one day would blow all our minds. I’d met a lot of Karls since I’d
been publishing my work. I was more drawn to his girlfriend, Lori, a tall thin
woman who was quite pierced.

woman who was quite pierced.
Alexia leaned over and told me she had to pee and did I know where the
bathroom was? I didn’t. I grabbed a glass from a table and put it by her knees
and said, “Pee in here.”
“I don’t know if my aim is that good,” she said. She got up and searched for
the bathroom.
I looked at the glass.
“So where do you know her from?” Karl asked me.
“Back home,” I said. “She was a McGinnis student.”
“She’s cute,” Lori said.
“Yeah,” my publisher said, smoking a cigarette, “she’s cute.”
The reading was somewhat well attended, fifty or so people. They didn’t
know who I was – no one knew who I was. I was obscure as any writer. I read,
signed a few books. Luke read from his novel, Karl read some of his poetry.
I hate readings. But my publisher had talked me into this.
There was an open reading after. I figured that’s why most of these people
were here: they wanted to read their own stuff, that constant search for an
audience. I didn’t listen.
We all went outside and talked about where we’d go. My publisher suggested
this bar down the street. I wanted Alexia to go; she didn’t seem to be into it. She
was huddling with Lori; the two girls were talking. Lori oozed sex, in her tight
jeans, her cut-off top, exposing her pierced bellybutton. Her nose and lips and
eyebrows were also pierced.
“Come along,” I said to Alexia.
“She’s sick,” Lori said. “She has to go home.”
“Lori is my doctor,” Alexia said; she smiled at Lori like they were old friends.
“How far away do you live?” Lori asked her.
“I’ll take the Muni,” Alexia said.
“I’ll walk you,” I said.
“You don’t have to walk me,” she said.
“It’s dark,” I said.
“It was dark when I came here.”
“But if something happened to you, I’d feel guilty for the rest of my life.”
She took my hand and said, “How sweet.”
It was weird walking hand-in-hand with her.
“This is weird,” she said.
“I know,” I said.
“I feel weird,” she said.
“I don’t,” I lied.

“I haven’t seen you in months.”
“Months, weeks, years: it’s all the same to me.”
“What have you been doing with yourself? Other than going off to bad
places? You know, I had a dream you were going to come here soon, a dream
during my fever. That’s what’s so weird.”
“Oh.”
We were standing at the Muni tracks. “What train are you getting?”
“The N Judah,” she said.
I didn’t know what that was. She took her hand from mine. A train was
coming and I was disappointed. “Is that yours?” I asked.
“That’s the J Church,” Alexia said. “I want the N Judah.”
I felt better and said, “I like San Francisco – I need to come here more often.”
“Be sure to always call me when you do.”
I pulled her close to me.
“Oh, now,” she said.
“The last time we were together,” I said, “before you moved here, remember
what you told me –”
“Yes.”
“– that when I came up here, your bed was open to me, that you wanted me to
stay with you . . .”
“I had a feeling you’d remember that,” she said.
“I don’t want to go to that bar.”
“They’ll wonder what happened to you. They’ll get worried.”
“I’ll call,” I said. “I’d rather go home with you.”
She put her face into my chest.
“Alexia,” I said, touching her.
“It’s not that I don’t want you to,” she said, “but I’m sick and you’ll get sick,
too. I’d love to take you home and fuck you all night and deep down I really
want to do that, I want to fuck you: but you’ll just get sick.”
“So I’ll get sick.”
“I don’t feel very sexual, right now,” she said. “I’m too sick to have you in my
bed. I wouldn’t mind having you there but I’m really very tired and it wouldn’t
be good for both of us. My ass doesn’t feel like fucking. I just, I just . . .”
Another train started to come our way.
“N Judah?” I said.
“Yes.”
I wanted a kiss but she turned. She said, “You’ll get my flu and you don’t
want that.”
I kissed her cheek.
“You’re here for a few days?” she said.

“You’re here for a few days?” she said.
I nodded.
“If I feel better tomorrow night, I want you to come stay with me.”
I stood there and watched N Judah go away and then headed back to the
location of the bar my colleagues had gone to. I hoped I’d gotten the directions
right. This wasn’t a good neighborhood, but I’d been in worse. There were a lot
of dealers and whores mixed with club-goers – and some pretty tough-looking
bars that appeared interesting. A woman was screaming from the third floor of a
hotel; she threw a bottle down which shattered not too far from me. She kept
screaming. I could’ve took a cab, but I liked what I was seeing. I felt in the zero
and I wanted to be with the zero. I was a rising young writer, wasn’t I? Wasn’t I
supposed to be above all this? I didn’t feel like it. Someone tried to sell me crack
and it was tempting. There were bodies sleeping in all the alleys.
I found the bar. I didn’t like it – too many successful-looking thirtysomethings
in suits and evening gowns, with a jazz band playing in the corner. I had a beer.
It was too comfortable here.
We were joined by a young lady who was doing publicity for my publisher.
Her name was Kate.
Outside the bar, we debated whether we should walk or take a cab. We were
going back to my publisher’s house. My feet already hurt from all the San
Francisco trekking.
“We could all fit into two cabs,” my publisher said. She stood on the street
corner and said, “It’s so cheap to get there and so far to go.”
“That’d be a great title for a book,” I said.
“Write it,” she said.
I was sharing a cab with Karl and Lori. My publisher, Luke, and Kate were in
the other cab.
“What’s to do at her house?” Karl was saying. “I don’t feel like going there.
Do you?”
“I’m staying there,” I said.
“Why don’t you stay with us?” Lori said.
I guess I knew, deep down, that I would get the opportunity to fuck Lori. I didn’t
think that Karl would have to be around.
I plain just did not like Karl, no matter how much he tried to get buddy-buddy
with me. He was a fake, he had that air about him. I’d read his fiction and poetry
and it was pure crap. The guy didn’t know how to write. He had a beer gut and a
dull look to his eyes and I had to wonder what Lori saw in him. They’d been
together for three years, I was told. She was a delectable person, and I couldn’t

together for three years, I was told. She was a delectable person, and I couldn’t
wait to have her. They had a spacious and dark apartment with a coffin in the
living room, which I was told was a guest bed. I had no intention of sleeping in
that. We drank some beer, they smoked pot (I didn’t care much for pot); then
Karl said, “Hey, I have some XTC.”
“Let’s do some X,” Lori said.
“OK,” I said.
Karl went to get the drug. Lori licked her lips. I tried projecting to her that I
wanted her – could she read my mind? She had the thickest lips. I wondered how
painful it was to pierce them. Karl returned with three capsules of the drug in
question.
It was the perfect drug to get into the right mood.
Karl put on some music: gothic, electronic, and eerie. Lori began to dance
around the room, her body slinky, slithery. She took her top off; small, pointed
breasts. She pulled her jeans down, and danced in black thong underwear. There
was a tattoo of a naked woman on her ass, a Celtic band around her ankle. She
danced and she danced and the drug started to get to us all; my mind was intent
on fucking this dancing body. My cock was hard and it hurt.
Lori peeled her panties off. Her cunt was shaved naked, her clit and her labia
both pierced. She touched herself.
“I’m so fucking wet,” she said. “Won’t you two just fuck me?”
We went to the bedroom. There was a futon on the floor, clothes scattered all
over. Karl lit a candle. I was sucking on Lori’s tits, falling to the futon,
undressing myself. Karl loomed over us and watched. He began to undress. I
didn’t care to watch him.
I put my cock in Lori’s mouth. Her tongue was pierced, and the metal ball
against my cock’s flesh was a nice sensation, especially on the drug.
Karl was naked, and moved to join us. I saw his dick and was amazed. He had
the biggest one I’d ever seen up close. I’d say eleven inches, and very thick and
veiny, with a large head. Maybe this is why she liked him, lived with him. Was it
really just the cock? I’m an average-sized guy; I didn’t feel threatened by Karl’s
dick, I was just flabbergasted.
Lori positioned herself so that she could suck me, and Karl could fuck her
from behind. She took in a deep breath and her body stiffened when he entered
her. We did this for a while, then Lori turned around so that she could suck Karl,
and I slid myself into her cunt. We switched back again. Then Lori got on top of
me, riding me. Karl moved behind her. He spat in his palm, rubbed his saliva on
her asshole, his hand grazing my cock as he did so. I couldn’t imagine him
getting that monster flesh into her butt, but he did, and it wasn’t easy for her.
“Oh God, oh God, oh God,” she cried, digging her nails into my chest. I could

“Oh God, oh God, oh God,” she cried, digging her nails into my chest. I could
feel Karl’s member through her septum, and realized I’d never done this before,
not even with Bart and Randi. Our bodies were hot with the drug and the
physical motion, slicked wet with sweat. Each thrust into her anus, Lori grunted,
eyes shut. Karl was enjoying himself. Tears formed at Lori’s eyes.
“Let’s switch positions,” Karl suggested.
He laid down on the bed, and Lori got on top of him. I got behind her. Her
asshole was a gaping hole; it was like someone had bored a cavern into her ass,
it was so wide. Obviously, I didn’t have any trouble putting it in her, and I felt
nothing. It took a minute for her sphincter to undilate, and snug around my cock.
When it did, it was nice, but now her cunt was being drilled by Karl’s monster. I
closed my eyes and came into her bowels. Lori reached back for me as I pulled
out, took my cock in her mouth, and cleaned it. Karl got up, gently pushing her
onto her stomach, so he could get on top of her, and go back into her ass. I stood
there and watched his prick violate her ass in a glorious way – he was fucking
her hard, she was crying into the sheets, he started laughing, and came himself.
He got up, his body covered in sweat, and said, “Look at that.”
Lori lay there shaking, her ass once again blown open.
“I love wrecking her rectum,” he said.
The woman who’d published my collection of stories, her name was Brianna.
She had spiked, dyed blonde hair and a number of piercings and tattoos herself,
and was two years younger than me. I didn’t have any ideas about her because
she was a lesbian, and lived with her lover, Raven. Raven didn’t like me, I could
tell; Raven had dyed black hair and was goth and had a whole lot of tattoos.
Brianna’s publishing my book was a fluke. She had a small company that
released industrial bands (mostly San Francisco home grown) on CD, and she
published a quarterly magazine with a focus on alternative music and literature.
She’d published several of my stories, and soon began accepting so many that
one day she sent me an email suggesting she publish all the stories as a book,
because she also had a novel by this professor in Utah that she wanted to
publish. So now she was a book publisher, her press was unknown – another
small press in a sea of many. My books were warehoused in her basement. Like
the publisher of my first novel, she was a one-person operation, for the most
part, and she was probably going to lose a lot of money putting my words into
the world.
“So you went to Karl and Lori’s,” she said.
Her lover, Raven, wrinkled her nose.
“Yeah,” I said.
Brianna grinned, and shook her head.

Brianna grinned, and shook her head.
That evening, Luke and I did another reading, at Small Press Traffik. The
attendance was small, but the people were very interested in the work. I signed a
few books.
Brianna wasn’t completely alone in her venture as a publisher; she had her
friend Kate helping her with publicity. Kate was at this reading, and she came
back to Brianna’s apartment, where we drank tequila and vodka, and Brianna
and Raven smoked pot. Kate started smoking, and so did Luke. Then Luke
wanted to order pizza, so we ordered pizza.
Luke retired early to the guest room; he had to go back to Utah in the
morning. Raven also went to bed. I was going to sleep on the fold-out couch in
the living room.
It was me, Brianna, and Kate.
The three of us got drunk. Brianna started dancing around the room, saying,
“Why am I so crazy? Why am I so crazy?”
She bumped into a bookcase, a tall bookcase, that almost came crashing down
on her.
“Bri!” Kate said, laughing.
“Oooohhh,” Brianna went. “I’m fucked up. Maybe I should go to bed.”
“I’m too drunk to go home,” Kate said, “but here’s a pillow!” and she laid her
head in my lap. I was sitting on the couch.
I looked down at her.
“Hi,” she said.
I touched her round face, and caressed it. I ran my fingers through her thick,
dirty blonde hair.
“What a cute sight,” my publisher said.
I tried to reach down and kiss Kate. It was hard. She sat up, and we kissed.
Brianna watched us, weaving.
“I had a feeling you two would hit it off,” Brianna said.
“Go to bed,” Kate said.
Brianna stumbled into her bedroom.
“Turn off the lights,” Kate said.
I got up, switched the lights off, as Kate folded the couch out into a bed. As
she adjusted the sheets, I got undressed. I got on the bed. She also took her
clothes off, leaving her bra and panties on. I held out my arms; she came to me,
and we held each other and kissed.
Her body was small and plump and warm.
“When I saw your author photo, three months ago,” she said, “you know, for
the book?”
“Yeah.”
“I knew I wanted you. I knew I’d have you.”

“I knew I wanted you. I knew I’d have you.”
“Wow,” I said.
“What?
“Nothing.”
“Tell me.”
“I don’t know,” I said.
“You’re sexy,” she said.
“You don’t know anything about me,” I said.
“You don’t know anything about me. Do you know my last name?”
“No.”
“See.”
“You know mine,” I said.
“Yeah. I know a lot of things about you.”
“Like what?”
“Your stories are very painful,” she said.
“To you?”
“To me, to you, to anyone. You’re a sad soul.”
“Sometimes I’m sad,” I said. “Right now, I’m happy.”
“I’m happy, too.”
We kissed more. I unclasped her bra, touched her round, large breasts. I
reached between her legs.
“I haven’t had sex in a year,” she told me.
“Oh.”
“Since my divorce.”
“OK.”
“But I’m ready to have sex.”
Sex with Kate wasn’t wild, bizarre, or kinky. I got on top of her; she wrapped
her legs around me. We fucked slowly, and it was very nice. It was very warm. It
was like we’d known each other for many years.
We slept in each other’s arms.
In the morning, she was gone. I looked at the ceiling. Luke was gone, too. I
had a flight back home late in the afternoon.

NINE
I was sitting in the patio of the campus bar, drinking a pitcher of dark beer with
Bart. Bart had been drinking since noon; he was pretty gone.
“One of these days,” Bart was saying, “you have to share one of your women
with me!”

“I don’t have any women,” I said.
“Yeah, right.”
“Nothing real, like a girlfriend,” I said.
“But you get some now and then.”
“Now and then,” I said.
“Did you really used to fuck Alexia? Before she vanished?”
“Yeah. She’s in San Francisco.”
“You liked her?”
“And Hanna.”
“Hanna?”
“You know Hanna.”
“Of course I know Hanna,” Bart said. “I fucked her once. Maybe twice.”
“I didn’t know that.”
“Hanna fucks,” Bart said.
I nodded.
“OK, I didn’t fuck her: I was lying,” he said. “But I know some people who
have.”
“OK.”
“Hey, there’s Zina,” he said.
He started waving.
Zina was a poet in the MFA program, whom I’d met several times in passing.
She had light brown skin and dark hair, wide brown eyes and a chiseled, distinct
face. I knew she was half-Spanish, half-German, something like that, she’d told
me once, at a party, I think. She joined Bart and myself.
“Have a beer, Zina,” Bart said.
“I was just on my way home,” she said.
“You can have a beer,” I said.
“I usually don’t like beer,” she said. “Maybe I’ll have some wine.” She got up
and went to the bar, returned with a glass of white wine. She was wearing tight,
dark slacks and a blue blouse.
The three of us didn’t talk about much – some gossip, some b.s. on the nature
of poetry. It was starting to get dark out. “I wanted to get home before it got
dark,” Zina said.
“Where do you live?”
“Two blocks away. I don’t like walking in the dark. You think you could walk
me home?”
“I could,” I said.
“See ya,” Bart said.
So I walked with Zina.
“You’re a strange character,” she told me.

“You’re a strange character,” she told me.
“Why do you say that?”
“No one can figure you out.”
“Do people try and figure me out?”
“Some people do.”
“Like who?”
“People.”
“Maybe you’re the strange one.”
“I know I’m the strange one,” she said. “My rabbit is going to be mad at me.
I’m late; he’s hungry I bet.”
“Your what?”
“My rabbit,” Zina said. “I have a pet rabbit. He’s an albino rabbit.”
“You keep him in a cage?”
“Not at all. He roams free. I mean, he does have a cage. He doesn’t stay in it
much.”
“Doesn’t he shit all over the place?” I said. “Dingle-berries, or whatever
they’re called.”
“No. He’s trained to poop in his cage,” Zina said.
“No, he’s not. You can’t train rabbits to do that.”
“I did.”
“I thought they weren’t in control of where they crapped,” I said.
“My rabbit has control.”
“Your albino rabbit,” I said. “I don’t believe you,” I said.
“Think I’m making this up?”
“You’re pulling my leg.”
“Do you want to see my albino rabbit who’s trained to shit in his cage or
what?” Zina asked.
She lived on the second floor of the apartment complex. I went inside with
her. Her place was sparse of furniture, heavy on books. A small, albino rabbit
(white fur, red eyes) was waiting at the door.
“Moby Dick!” She picked up the rabbit and hugged it. “This is Nick; Nick,
this is Moby Dick.”
I nodded to the rabbit.
“He looks hungry, doesn’t he?” she said.
I nodded.
“He’s very hungry,” she said. I went with her into the kitchen, where she put
the rabbit down, and put some rabbit feed and a carrot stick in the rabbit’s wiremesh cage. “You want something real to drink?” she said. “Besides that godawful beer.”
“What’s wrong with beer?”

“What’s wrong with beer?”
“There’s something basically barbaric about beer,” she said.
“What do you have?”
“Let’s take a look.” She opened a cabinet above the stove. I think, for the first
time, I took a good look at her body (and her ass) and admired what I saw. “Rum
and vanilla sherry,” she said, “it’s all I have.”
“Coke?”
“Pepsi.”
“A rum and Pepsi sounds good.”
“Your wish is my command.”
We both had rum and Pepsi, sitting at the small table near the kitchen. The
kitchen was littered with toys – dolls, army men, action figures, dinosaurs.
“Toys for your rabbit?” I said.
“Toys for me,” she said, “I like toys.”
She was twenty-nine, had majored in religious studies as an undergrad, at this
same university. She’d had an affair with one of her professors. We began to
drink sherry.
I’ll skip right to the sex. We were both pretty drunk. I’m not sure where it
began; yes, I was very drunk and we were talking and getting closer and the next
thing I knew we were frantically, almost violently kissing. She was sitting in my
lap, the way she would sit many times later, and she opened my shirt up and said
she liked my chest, said, “It looks delicious,” and she bit into it, bit into my skin,
but I didn’t care, the pain was OK, like the pain when she bit my lips as we
kissed, and how she grabbed my throat and started to choke me, the air leaving
me, letting go just at the right time. I opened her blouse, unclasped her bra, her
nipples at my fingers, her dark eyes glaring at me, and the circles under those
eyes. The circles under her eyes would come to haunt me some day, and I only
wish I knew then what I was about to get into.
She had a double bed in her bedroom, and a computer on a metal desk. There
was an opened document, what looked like a poem.
I was too drunk to fuck; she said it was OK. We were partly undressed. I took
her sex to my mouth – she tried to stop me, once, but didn’t the second time –
her sex small and salty like the sex of any woman, and then she tried to do the
same for me but I stopped her because she was hurting me with her teeth and she
said she was very drunk, she never got this drunk, and we lay there holding each
other. I couldn’t sleep, and I wanted her; I thought she was asleep but she wasn’t
and we were kissing again and I started to put myself in her, whispering, “It’s
OK, now,” and in the dark I saw her eyes roll up in her head and she grabbed the
metal rail of her bed and we finally fucked. An hour later, still drunk but awake,

we tried again, she told me she liked men coming in from behind, but we were
still too drunk to be very amorous and she began to masturbate. She masturbated
with a frenzy, lying on her stomach, her hand going at it on her cunt like that
hand was possessed. I watched and she said, “I’m sorry, I like doing that. I like
getting myself off.”
She seemed to sleep well. I couldn’t sleep. I kept hugging her warm body next
to me. I liked it here with her. I liked her bed, her company, more than any of the
others, these past few months – my divorce from celibacy, my entrance back into
the world of sex and women.
In the morning we looked at each other, feeling awkward, and when I asked if
this would happen again, she said, “That’s up to you. You can come over any
time.”
The next night, we made love and we weren’t drunk and we were like two
regular people connecting and everything seemed to be just right.

TEN
Zina’s alarm went off, and we both jumped. Zina grabbed her alarm clock and
threw it against the wall. It stopped. Naked, we looked at each other, and again
there was that awkward feeling. This was my third stay at her place.
“Oh,” we both said.
“God,” she said. “I hate alarm clocks.”
“What time is it?”
“Must be eight.”
“I, um, Zina,” I said.
She touched my lips with her hand. “Don’t say anything. You don’t need to
say anything. Do you need to go anywhere? I have an early class. Do you
actually attend classes? It’s not like I’m prying. I just want to start some kind of
conversation in an obviously maladroit situation. Listen to the words I use. So
I’m a poet and, uh, you already know it. Huh. Like we look at each other and
say: ‘What should I say?’ Is anything really on both our minds? There must be a
lot. I’m really not sure what’s on my mind. I have this very small mind, you see.
Not that I’m small-minded, just that my brain is small like my body is small
because I’m small person. I always wanted to be a tall person: so my mind’d be
tall with tall thoughts all the time. Are you married and don’t want to tell me
and: am I assisting in adultery? You’re not married, no, I can tell. Maybe you
were once married: don’t know. Not that I wouldn’t have slept with you if you –
were married; but I really don’t like to sleep with married men any more. Oh,
hell, I don’t care. I could just pretend I’m sick; we can stay naked and stay in

hell, I don’t care. I could just pretend I’m sick; we can stay naked and stay in
bed and sleep or make love or watch TV –”
“You don’t have a TV.”
“Stay in bed, fuck.”
“My feelings exactly,” I said.
“Could just lie here in bed till noon, afternoon. I used to do that a lot. Worked
nights. Maybe I should get another night job. I’m really a night owl – used to
come home late and stay up late working on my poems and then sleep till past
noon and get up for work and – go to work.”
“What’d you do?”
“Delivered pizzas.”
“You’re kidding me.”
“No. Thirty minutes or less! I did this for, what? I did this for two years.
Undergrad.”
“I can’t see you doing that,” I said.
“Why not? I wore a uniform and everything. I even made good tips.”
“Did any men ever come on to you? Drunk men who ordered pizzas?”
“Not really. Sometimes they’d give me wine coolers as part of my tip. That
was always fun.”
“I bet.”
“I want to close my eyes and go back to sleep.”
“Do it.”
“No.”
“Close your eyes.”
“OK.”
“They’re closed?”
“You can see that.”
“How is –?”
“Much better.”
My body was next to hers. “Just go back to sleep.”
“I don’t think I can.”
“Yes, you can.”
“Nicky,” she said, “hold me.”
“I am.”
“Hold me tighter.”
I did.
“You’re being a bad influence on –”
“Me?”
“Me,” she said.
“I know,” I said.

ELEVEN
I went to Zina’s apartment late in the day, after one of McGinnis’ classes. Her
front door was unlocked, like she told me it would be, like she said she often left
it unlocked. I could hear her in her bedroom, typing away at her computer. I
crept in. Moby Dick was at the doorway, and looked at me. I thought better of
scaring her. She was sitting at her computer in shorts and a halter, hair pulled up
in a messy tail.
“Zina,” I said.
She spun around in her chair. “You!”
“Expecting someone else?” I sat on the bed.
“Only you. Only you would be here.”
“Maybe you shouldn’t leave your door –”
“I was expecting you,” she said. “I told you on the phone. I said let yourself
–”
“I scared you.”
She sat next to me. “A little.”
“What are you writing?”
“What does it look like?”
“What’s the subject?”
“Flying.”
“Oh,” I said.
“If I had wings,” she said, “I could fly. I could fly here, I could fly there. I’d
be rich! Marveling everyone in the world how I can fly.”
“I can fly.” I laid back on the bed.
Zina got on top of me. “Can you now?”
“I’m a superhero, you see. But this is a secret. Well, now you know the secret.
When I’m a superhero, I can fly. I’m a superhero – with no name.”
“Show me,” she said. She kissed my nose. “I want to see you fly.”
“Can’t,” I said. “Not in costume. Right now, I’m a regular person.”
“But when you’re a superhero –?”
“I can fly.”
“Well,” Zina said, “not all of them fly.”
“Superman does.”
“Batman doesn’t.”
“He doesn’t have super powers. He’s a vigilante.”
“Batman is sexy,” and she rolled off me, looking at the ceiling. “I’ve seen
those movies. I’m not talking about the goofy Batman on TV. I mean the
movies, armor-plated nipples and everything!”
“All superheroes are sexy.”

“All superheroes are sexy.”
“Does Spiderman fly?”
“No. He swings around the city with his fake webs.”
“Who’s that guy who runs really fast?”
“Runs?”
“Like lightning.”
“The Flash.”
“Yeah,” she said, “he wears all red.”
“The Flash.”
She said, “I’d like to be like that, run around all in red, running faster than –
faster than I don’t know what.”
I moved to kiss her, to say, “You’re Wonder Woman.”
She got up. “No. I’m too short, if you have not noticed. So,” she bent down,
and grabbed my legs, “when you’re a superhero, do you wear one of those tight,
sexy spandex outfits?”
“You bet.”
“And battle evil foes.” Her hands were running up my leg.
“I keep the world safe and clean,” I told her.
“Sexy hero,” she said, unzipping my pants. She took my cock out, and started
sucking on it. She sucked long and slow; I relaxed and allowed myself to enjoy
this. I came, but she didn’t swallow. She let it go out of her mouth and down my
cock. She looked at it. She moved up onto the bed and put her head on my chest.
“So where are we going with all this?”
“This?”
“This,” she touched my stomach, “and this,” touching my wet cock, covered
in saliva and semen.
“This.” I touched her back, her ass.
“Sing to me,” she said.
“What song?”
“Sing to me all night,” she said.
“I’ll sing to you all week,” I said, “all year.”
She kissed my neck, nuzzled her face into my neck. “You smell good.”
“You smell pretty good yourself.”
“You always smell like sex,” Zina said. “Is this a good or bad thing?”
“Everything between us is a good thing,” I said.
“Will it always be?”
“Don’t be a pessimist.”
“Everything just seems to be too good.”
“Zina,” I said.
“We’ll end in tragedy,” she said.

“We’ll end in tragedy,” she said.
“Tears?”
“Violence?”
“Pain?”
“Maybe blood,” she said.
“You have these thoughts?”
She sat up. “Put your hands here,” indicating her neck. She took my hands,
and put them there. “There, there. Now choke me.”
“Why?”
“I want you to.”
“I don’t know how.”
“Keep your hands there and squeeze.”
“Like this?”
“Harder.”
“I’ll hurt you.”
“You won’t.”
“Well.”
“Just do it, you bastard.”
I squeezed her neck hard. “You like this?”
“You know what I like?” She broke free from me. She plopped down on her
hands and knees, body on top of me; she said, “What I really like is men to fuck
me from behind, my ass high in the air, and reach over, here, here,” taking my
hand, “reach over like so and choke me, like so, as they fuck me from behind,
like so.”
“Is this romantic talk?” I had to laugh.
“Depends on your upbringing,” Zina said.
I laid next to her. “Let’s not talk.”
“Who said we have to talk?”
“Sometimes,” I said, “I like the silence.”
She kissed me, and put her head on my chest. “Is this getting serious?”
“I don’t know what serious is,” I said. “I’m just an idiot.”
We stopped talking, and started kissing, which led to fucking. I fucked her the
way she wanted, my cock in her pussy from behind, and I reached over and
choked her. It wasn’t an easy thing to do; I thought it’d be easier if she were on
her back, so I’d have better access to her neck. “Choke me harder,” she pleaded,
and I did, and her body spasmed as she came, my hand still at her neck. “Oh
boy,” she said.
I woke up with a short scream. I stopped myself. I was sweating. It was dark in
the room. I was naked.
“What is it?” Zina said. “Superhero, what is it?” She pulled me to her breast.

“What is it?” Zina said. “Superhero, what is it?” She pulled me to her breast.
“Dreaming,” I said.
“Hush.”
“I was having a bad dream.”
“Hush.”
“I was dreaming of an angel.”
“Angel?”
“A dead angel.”
“Angels don’t die,” she said.
“I thought I saw a dead angel, not too long ago.”
“Go back to sleep, Nicky.”
We lay there for a while.
“Are you asleep?” she asked.
“No.”
“You were dreaming again.”
“With eyes open,” I said.
“Now I have angels on my mind,” she said. “Could I be an angel? I could
really fly then. With wings. Do you know what the beauty of angels is?”
“No.”
“They have no self-pity.”
Zina and I started to make love, in her bed, and she stopped me, a hand on my
chest – “Wait.”
“What?”
“Why are you here?”
“Why do you ask?”
“Maybe,” she said, “I like to ask questions.”
“I’m here,” I said, “because I want to be here.”
“I was hoping for a different answer,” she said.
“Like what?”
“Kiss me.”
I did.
“That was a peck,” she said.
I kissed her again.
“Why are you here?” I said.
“Because this is my apartment and I live here,” she said.
“Tell me what’s wrong,” I said. “Something is wrong.”
Zina looked away from me. “Things are getting different. We’re seeing more
of each other. I’m sorry. I think I forgot all the moves somewhere: how to budge,
how to speak, how to make eye contact. Been a while since I’ve been in a

how to speak, how to make eye contact. Been a while since I’ve been in a
relationship. Maybe I’m afraid of doing the wrong thing. Maybe I don’t want to
do anything at all. Maybe I don’t know what to do.”
“Don’t do this,” I said.
“What?”
She was looking at her lava lamp, next to her computer. “Come here and look
at this.” She went to the lamp.
“What is it?”
“Come and look.”
I joined her.
“That glob in there,” she said, pointing to the lamp, “it almost looks like a
person. Like a person looking at me.”
“Seems just like a glob of lava lamp lava to me,” I said.
“I see a person.”
“What person?”
“You.”
“Me?”
“Don’t you see yourself?”
“Well,” I said, “no.”
“What are you doing in my lava lamp?”
I reached for her – “Trying to get out so I can fuck you.”
She pushed me away, hard. I fell on the floor.
“Get out of my lava lamp,” Zina said.
“Hey,” I said.
She sat on the floor with me. She looked at me. She said, “Can I tell you
something, Nicky?”
“Now?”
“Something I want to tell you,” she said.
“I’m listening,” I said.
“I went crazy, once,” she said.
“Crazy?”
“I mean –”
“It happens to us all.”
“Nicky –”
“It’s a crazy world,” I said, “and a dirty one.”
“Listen to me, I’m serious.”
“OK.”
“I wasn’t right in the head. This head: you see my head? I don’t know what
went wrong. Something went wrong with this head. I was really paranoid, like
all those conspiracy people who think the United Nations are going to invade

all those conspiracy people who think the United Nations are going to invade
America. Well that’s an arcane reference. I should shut up. No, I won’t. I was
convinced everyone was talking about me behind my back – my co-workers, my
friends. I had just gotten out of this relationship with an older man –”
“How much older?”
“Older. He was – I told you about him. A professor here. He was divorced.”
“OK.”
“That’s really a different story for a different time. What was I saying?”
“People were talking about you.”
“Oh.”
“Were they?”
“Thought so. I mean, people do talk about you when you’re not around, and I
was obsessed. It was driving me crazy. Crazy. I – couldn’t sleep.”
“What were they saying?”
“The usual shit.”
“Back-stabbing? The kind of people who smile in your face and stick a huge
knife between your shoulder blades every chance they can get? Know the type,”
I said.
“No. Well, yes, I don’t know,” she said. “Stop interrupting me,” she said. “It
was a major problem, especially when the billboard ads starting talking to me.”
“Billboard ads?”
“Everywhere I went,” Zina told me, “I was convinced billboard ads were
delivering subliminal messages just to me. Specifically to me, you see. They
were telling me things, like what these people were doing, how I was displaced
in the universe.”
I asked, “Who were sending you these messages?”
She replied, “Spiritual beings, aliens in UFOs, some kind of strange creatures
– and then they started to invade my lava lamp and talk to me from there.”
“Sounds like a problem.”
“Somewhere deep down I kept telling myself this wasn’t real. I knew it wasn’t
real. Finally, I went to get help. I went and saw a hypnotherapist.”
“You were hypnotized?” I said.
“Oh, yes. It did me a world of good.”
“You were cured?” I said.
“Yeah. I’m not crazy now, am I?”
“No.”
“I used to be.”
“How long were you . . . ?”
“A few months.”
“But you’re OK now?”

“But you’re OK now?”
“Yes,” she said.
“Good,” I said.
“So,” she said.
“So,” I said.
“Now that you know I used to be crazy,” she said, “do you still want to sleep
with me?”
“I’d be crazy not to.”

TWELVE
I began to enter Zina’s world of pain: her delight.
I was touching, caressing her breasts. I pinched her nipples, which were hard;
I pinched lightly.
“Pinch them harder,” she said.
I did.
“Harder,” she said.
I was afraid I’d hurt her.
“I want the pain,” she said, “it makes me horny.”
She gave an example. She got up, found a pair of clothespins in a cabinet in
the kitchen, and placed a clothespin on each nipple. With the clamping down on
each nipple, she took in a deep breath, almost like a hiss.
“Fuck,” she said.
“You like that,” I said.
“Yes, yes,” she said. “Take them off.”
I did, quickly.
“Put them back on.”
I did, and this time I took delight, watching the pins squeeze into her flesh.
“Ahh, fuck,” she said.
I took one off.
“Now use your fingers.”
I took the nipple in question between two fingers.
“Squeeze,” she said.
I squeezed.
I started to become quite good at choking her while we fucked, whether she was
on her belly or on her knees or stomach. Repetition makes you better. I also
started to enjoy this activity. I was never quite sure if it was mental or physical
for Zina, but as long as it got her off and made her happy, it made me happy.
We started biting one another, soft at first, then harder, sometimes until we

We started biting one another, soft at first, then harder, sometimes until we
drew blood from each other’s punctured flesh, fragile as anything in the
universe. The biting was not just into the body, but into the soul.
We were in bed, holding each other.
“Are we getting very serious?” Zina said.
“It feels like it,” I said.
“Is this OK with you?” she said.
“Yes,” I said. “You?”
“Yes,” she said. “Very,” she said.
“I have something,” Zina said, standing naked before me.
“Yeah?”
“Something I want you to use on me,” she said.
She went to her closet, and produced a cat o’nine tails. I’d seen such a
flogging device in magazines, in movies.
“Where’d you get that?” I asked.
“I’ve had it a while,” Zina said. “I want you to use it on me,” she said.
It was black and ominous. She handed it to me. She lay on her stomach, on the
bed. “Use it on my back,” she told me, “use it on my ass, my legs.”
I did so, lightly, uncertain.
“It’s OK to start off soft,” she said, “but increase your strength. Gradually. I
want you to get to a point where you could almost make me bleed.”
I did this. I hit her with the cat o’nine tails, just as she said: her back, her ass,
her legs. She seemed to like it best on her ass. I started to get into it. I started
hitting her harder, the smack of leather against flesh. Harder. She began to cry
out with each blow. Tears in her eyes. She wanted more. Welts were beginning
to form on her ass, the back of her legs. I concentrated on her back, till welts
formed there.
“OK,” she said. “Stop.”
I stopped. I, too, was almost out of breath.
“Now get on me,” she said, “fuck me: I can’t stand it, fuck me!”
I entered her from behind, I reached over to choke her. We fucked for a bit,
then she turned around. She put her legs on my shoulders.
“Slap me,” she said.
I raised a hand.
“Slap me.”
Fucking her, I slapped her, hard, across the face.
She just looked at me, some blood on her lip. “Not that hard,” she said.
“I’m sorry,” I said, reaching down and licking the blood away.
“Slap me again,” she said.

“Slap me again,” she said.
I did, but not as hard.
Zina bought toys several days a week, usually at thrift stores, sometimes at the
toy store. She loved her children’s toys, and so did Moby Dick.
She had adult toys hidden under her bed, and it wasn’t until a month after
we’d been seeing each other that she brought them all out, and wanted to share
them with me.
Anal beads, large double-sided black dildos, a dog collar, other assorted
rubber penetrating devices. While Zina liked the beads or my fingers in her ass,
she didn’t care for anal sex all that much. She wasn’t into ass-licking, pissing, or
even swallowing my come. She liked pain, she liked to whack her clit off, she
liked me to choke her. It was easy to get into what she enjoyed, as I got into any
woman’s pleasure, however alien it was to me. I adapted well.
“Once,” Zina told me, in the dark, in bed, “I was so full of myself, I wanted to
colonize my own psyche; I wanted to chase the message owl across fields
unfamiliar. I wanted to fly because I was born with wings and I was angry at
God for not allowing me to fly.”
Being with a poet can sometimes shed new light on pretension.
Zina didn’t like to hang out at the bar with McGinnis and his crowd. She didn’t
think McGinnis cared for her, and she didn’t care all that much for him, either.
“All those people are from fiction,” she said. “I’m from poetry.” Only now did I
start recognizing the split in the English Department within genres, especially
those in comparative literature, rhetoric and writing. All the time I’d been
attending this school and only now was I noticing the petty in-fights, jealousies,
the mini soap operas. “Do you know what kind of reputation McGinnis has?”
Zina said.
“He’s well known,” I said.
“As a womanizer, as an iconoclast. He’s not classical in his approach.”
“But his books!”
“They don’t make sense.”
“He’s helped me,” I said.
“I know he has,” Zina said, taking my face in her hands. “He’s your friend.”
“I love you,” I said.
“I love you,” she said.
I’m not sure how it started; it wasn’t even talked about. Zina said something like,
“It’s silly for you to be paying rent on your place when you’re always over

“It’s silly for you to be paying rent on your place when you’re always over
here.” Gradually, my possessions began making their way to her apartment. I
gave her money for rent. We bought groceries together. We went to bed at the
same time, and got up together. She cooked breakfast and we had breakfast
together.
I knew it was over, the night I got really drunk: we had this fight. I don’t know
what the fight was about. We were fighting more and more, and I was drinking
more.
My car was in the downstairs garage. I went into the garage door, got into my
car, and floored it, going in reverse. I forgot the main door was down. I smashed
right into it. I sat there in the car, in the alley, and thought: shit, I just ruined the
garage door.
I laughed. It was like something out of a Raymond Carver story, something
Bukowski would’ve done in a drunken stupor.
“OK,” I said, “I gotta write a story about this.”
Zina came down, wearing a robe. “What have you done?” she said.
“Oops,” I said.
“You better pay for this,” she said.
Oh, I would.
After she calmed down about the door, I went to her for comfort. I was shaking.
I tried to hug her. She was cold. We went to bed. “Tie me up,” she said. I tied
her wrists to the metal railing of the bed, and then her ankles to the other railing.
I got out the small black whip (a new toy) and went to work on her flesh. I made
her bleed. I fucked her from behind. I put it in her ass, much to her seeming
protest. I choked her, harder than I’ve ever choked her. She was coughing at the
end, her face red, her body shaking.
“Why haven’t you ever fucked me like that before?” she wanted to know.

THIRTEEN
The image I have of her (this image will always stay with me) – and I wanted to
tell her this as she sat behind the wheel of her car, driving (I was in her car and
she was driving) – was an image of Zina surrounded by her toys, a milieu of
toys, the toys she liked to buy and play with: filling the empty spaces of our
apartment with.
Zina was driving and we were going to Los Angeles. I was surprised how
little traffic there was on Interstate 5; usually there were many cars clogging, the
slow march of machines, especially on a summer night, so many people coming

slow march of machines, especially on a summer night, so many people coming
or going. We were going, Zina and I, but we were not going to the same place.
Places have divisions, spaces that are hard to fill, no matter how many toys you
buy from the toy store to make up for some memory or lack thereof.
This is what I knew about her, or this could’ve been mere assumption – and
the image of her that sticks like hot glue to the fingertips of my reverie is Zina as
I saw her one night, the night I went to our apartment (when we were going to
the same place together and everything was OK and we both seemed happy) and
she had bought a bag full of the alphabet ($1 at the thrift store) with magnets on
each letter, the colored letters I seem to recall having played with when I was a
very small person. “Look! look!” she said: with glee and like a small person, and
she said, “Help me with them,” an invitation to play. She tore open the plastic
bag the colored letters were contained in; they scattered across the floor of her
kitchen like stupid human dreams forever lost in a car crash. She went to her
knees, told me to come to her: play, help, fight. She started putting the letters on
the white refrigerator, where she had a color print of a happy smiley face woman
with large eyes and the caption HOME HONEY, I’M HIGH and two postcards, one of
a brunette holding a gun and shooting, another of a man with a gun, an image
from the movie Reservoir Dogs. There was a mixture of delight and anxiety on
her face; she looked at me and said, “Won’t you help me?”
I got to my knees, picked up several letters, started putting them on the fridge
with her. The kitchen was hot (like the rest of the apartment) and I felt very sad.
She must’ve seen something on my face because she said, “You think this is
silly. You don’t like doing this.”
“No,” I said, “there’s nothing silly about this,” and so we were like two
children frantically picking up the alphabet from her floor – letters that I thought
would any moment now get up and dance – oh, God, a memory – sticking them
to the door of the fridge. Merriment, yes, a small one’s joy on her small
triangular face and when I looked at the kitchen table which had a lot of other
toys, used and new, I felt sad again; I knew there was something missing.
Something was missing from her past (something was missing from mine) and
something was missing between us, yet another space to be filled, a vacuous
interior needing intestines.
“You buy so many toys,” I said. I sat down at the table and played with a
dinosaur.
Zina looked at her letters, arranged them in a way she liked better. “Yes, I
do,” she said.
She sat in my lap, like she always did, arms around my neck and looking
down at me with her dark eyes, dark circles under her eyes – my face pressed
against her breasts, the smell of her now on me, that smell which was not
perfume but some men’s cologne I never heard of that mixed well with her skin

perfume but some men’s cologne I never heard of that mixed well with her skin
and gave her the smell I knew I’d forever associate her with, an invasion of my
psyche: my memory of Zina.
She kissed me on the lips, she kissed me on the forehead. “Just think,” she
said, “I keep collecting more and more toys; we’ll never have to buy toys for our
children.”
What the hell was she talking about?
I looked at Zina next to me, Zina’s hands on the wheel tonight, going north,
going to LA – she to her brother’s, me to a reading I didn’t really want to do.
She wasn’t going to come to the reading with me.
I wanted to tell her that I’d hoped this time it would be different, she wouldn’t
just be another woman to jump into my pool and splash and leave and never
come back. I wanted to tell her what was on my mind, what was in my heart.
But, in my heart, I knew it was over between us.
My staring at her was making her feel uncomfortable; she looked at me and
said, “What?” then looked back at the freeway.
She put her hand to my face. “My hands are cold, do you feel?”
I grabbed her hand at my face, pressed it to my face hard, then pulled it away
and kissed it, holding it. “I don’t want to fight any more,” I said.
She put her hand on my leg and didn’t say anything. She continued to drive.
We were on the freeway and there was no stopping now – Now I didn’t want to
go to LA. I wanted to go south, back south, I wanted to go home, I wanted to
hide, I wanted to remember when things were nice and soft and good between
us.
“Do you know what I feel like?” Zina said.
“What?”
“French fries! Yummy!”
I was hungry, too. “We have to look for a sign post of some fast food place.
Why is it you see them all the time except when you really want to get to one?”
She didn’t reply.
“I want that fast food sign,” I said, “high on a post for all to see, in neon glow,
advertising food, beseeching me to consume, saying –”
“Eat me!”
“I was going to say that.”
“I know. You’re becoming –”
“Predictable?”
“He thinks!” she said. “You got it.”
Her hands were tight on the wheel.
There was something rueful inside me; this didn’t feel right; we shouldn’t be

There was something rueful inside me; this didn’t feel right; we shouldn’t be
this way; there shouldn’t be this distance like aliens coming to earth. (“Right
now I need my space,” she’d told me, “so this doesn’t mean we won’t get back
together. Just, right now, I have to focus. I can’t be in a relationship like this; I
have to be like a monk – monastic living, you know what I mean?” Also: “After
a while, you get used to being alone, and you even start to like it.” I think she
said something like: “I’ve never felt I needed someone else to complete me; I’m
complete in myself.” I’m a fragment, this I’ve always known, but knew all the
more as we drove, as she drove.)
I looked at her, still feeling the dejection, and she gazed into the rearview, her
eyes looking at her own eyes – her reflection – the mirror – playing again “The
Whore for Borges” –
– like when she said she was the votive of Borges, the simulacra that never
was. “I’m beginning to appear in people’s dreams,” she told me and, looking at
the mirror on the wall of her bedroom, she said, “I am the mirror, but you can
never be.”
This happens to poets who take courses on critical theory. Perhaps this is
where things went wrong, when I did want to be her reflection: I wanted to be
inside her, know everything; she started to feel violated, intruded upon.
I went home one evening, the other evening, really, and realized, for the first
time, that I did not belong there. I was feeling weak. All day I had this sensation
of horror, but all I wanted was to be with her, to hold her, to have her hold me, to
play with her toys, to talk, to have her warm body against mine, to make love, to
do anything, anything but be away from her, whip her, slap her, beat her, choke
her. Our apartment was dark, candles were lit all around, flamenco guitar music
playing on the CD. She was in the bathroom, hair pinned up, applying make-up
in a way she never did before, looking at herself in the mirror; and when I went
into the bathroom, her eyes on me, from the reflection, were eyes of rancor. She
seemed angry, like she didn’t want me there; she seemed evil in the candlelight.
I tried to kiss her and she pushed me away. Once, she told me she did a lot of
symbolic things, some abstruse and some subtle, and I would have to get used to
it. “Like this band on my wedding finger,” she said, “is to remind me who and
what I’m really married to: myself,I’m married to myself; and this necklace,
these earrings in the shape of hearts, to remind me to always follow my heart.”
“Why are you here with me?” she asked after we made love the night before.
“I don’t understand,” she said.
I grabbed her necklace and said, “I’m just following my heart.”
In the candle-lit apartment, she told me she was having second thoughts, she
wasn’t sure if she wanted a partner, someone to tell her to come to bed at four

a.m. while she was working on a poem; someone to tell her to eat; someone to
even talk to, to be present, to remind herself of herself. “I’m used to being a
hermit,” she said, “I like being a hermit.” I told her I would go but she grabbed
me and said no and we held each other and I smelled her and I was all the more
confused. Many times I said I would go, I would just leave, and be a hermit
myself, like I was for five years; but she would say no, stay here with me, and
now she was saying she didn’t like having me around . . .
“I don’t see any French fry places,” she said, driving.
“Well, it doesn’t matter.”
“You’re hungry.”
“It doesn’t matter.”
“I’m hungry,” she said, “but I guess it doesn’t matter.”
I don’t want French fries, I don’t want to be here; I wish we were home.

FOURTEEN
Alexia met me at a coffeeshop in San Francisco – it was easy to get there from
the airport. I’d made an impromptu flight from LA to The City, calling Alexia on
the phone just before I got on the plane. “I’ll be there in less than two hours,” I
said.
She was wearing a black bodysuit and a little hat, and her glasses. She already
had a chai tea. The coffeehouse served beer, and I had a beer.
We kissed, lightly. A peck, really, between old friends.
“So where are you reading, this time?” she asked.
“Nowhere.”
“You’re not here for a reading?”
“No.”
“You’re just here?”
“I don’t know why I’m here,” I said. “Maybe I’m here for you,” I said.
“I don’t believe that,” she said.
“Well,” I said, “I’m here.”
“I’m glad you’re here.” She reached over for a quick kiss. “I’ve been
wondering about you,” she said. “It’s been a while. I even missed you. Do you
believe me?”
“Yes,” I said.
“Do you want to go back to my place?”
“Yes,” I said.
I couldn’t do it.

I couldn’t do it.
We were in bed, we were naked, we were touching, kissing, tasting, all that –
a finger in her ass, her hands cupping my balls.
I moved away from her.
“Nicky?”
“I feel like I’m using you,” I said.
“I know,” she said. “There’s something very wrong. But it’s OK.”
“I think I was in love,” I said.
“Love is nice.”
“The past five months, I was living with someone. I was actually sharing my
life with someone.”
“I see.”
“We went to LA. In LA, she told me she was staying at her brother’s for a
week. She said when she got back, she wanted me and my stuff out of her place.
She said a week was enough time. Is a week enough time,” I said, “to alter one’s
life?”
“So you came to San Francisco?”
“It was an impulse.”
“A good impulse.” She put her head against my back, her arm around my
waist.
“I called you,” I said.
“I was here,” she said.
“I feel like a shit,” I said.
“Do you love her?” she said.
“I don’t know,” I said. “What the hell do I know?” I said.
“I thought I loved you, once,” Alexia said. “But I was using you.”
“How?”
“People always use each other,” she said, “for one reason or another. It’s a
selfish world. You know this. You just have to accept it,” she said, “and embrace
it.”
“You loved me?”
“What’s love?”
“This is OK?” I said.
“It’s very OK,” she said.
Alexia told me I could fuck her pussy, if I wanted; she was no longer a virgin.
“What happened?” I asked.
She said, “The whole wait-till-I-get-married thing was bullshit. I was away
from my family, and I started to think about it. I said the hell with it.”
“Who had the honor?” I couldn’t help but think of Mo.

“Who had the honor?” I couldn’t help but think of Mo.
“It was with some guy,” Alexia said. “Just this guy. He’s living in some stupid
place like Arkansas now. I didn’t even care for him. A fuck-buddy. I didn’t even
tell him I was a virgin. I was all prepared for – I don’t know what. Pain. Blood.
Ecstasy. Angels singing. Bands marching. Motions of love and truth and the face
of God. It was no big deal. It was nothing. He put it in and that was that. I was
no longer a vagina virgin. And my life was just the same.”
I didn’t want her cunt. I wanted her like we used to be, a grasp of my past. I
fucked her in the ass, very deeply in her ass, and it was good, her ass all over my
cock, her ass clamping down on my cock. We went into the bathroom, she
opened her mouth, and I peed in her mouth, I peed deeply into her mouth, down
her throat, on her tongue and teeth, on her lips and chin. It was good, my urine in
her mouth, its taste filling her, warming her. I lay on the bed, she spread my
cheeks, and she reamed my anus, deeply tongued my asshole, licking and
sucking. It was good, her tongue up my ass.
As I knew it would be good.
It was getting dark, and I held her in my arms. In the bed. In her room. In her
home.
I touched her hair.
She touched my hair.
I kissed her.
She kissed me.
Our smell . . .
“This is very nice,” Alexia said.
“Yes it is,” I said.

THIEF OF NAMES

Lucy Taylor

Afterwards, Nicholas wondered how he could have ever thought the little blonde
with the tattoo on her tit could have been worth the risk she posed to his
marriage, his self-respect, and – as it turned out – so much more. Yet still, there
was that moment of insanity when he actually debated the point, before
admitting that nothing could have been worth what the encounter cost him. It
was that second’s hesitation, though, that gave an indication of how much
Nicholas Berringer valued sex – or at least what sex represented to him.
Fucking, to him, had always meant freedom and conquest and masculine power.
Even when consensual, the act was at heart, forced entry and violent
gratification, the plundering of empty space by protuberant member. It was also
safety and solace and the warm dark heart of his mother’s womb, the sacred
place where there was no Nicholas, where nothing was named and there was
only One.
Although he would not have put it quite that way. Had he been asked, he
would have simply said that fucking made him feel alive, gave him the
willingness to make the effort of drawing the next breath. He would have said
that, as exclamation points marked memorable sentences, so erections
punctuated the climactic points of a man’s life.
Now, as he drove well above the speed limit on I–75 in the pouring rain,
headed toward the Ambassador Bridge and the US/Canadian border at DetroitWindsor, he wondered if trying to track down Sonny Valdez wasn’t the journey
of a masochistic fool, a pathetic attempt to feel like he was taking charge, doing
something, for God’s sake, to try to save his own life.
I’m going to ask Sonny Valdez for help, he thought, grimacing at the irony of
it, for he could scarcely stand to inhabit the same planet as the man. The three
best years of his life, of his marriage, had been when he believed that Sonny
Valdez was dead, having expired wretchedly in some flophouse in Toronto’s
commercial sex district. But Valdez, as it turned out, was still very much alive,
and now Nicholas needed his help. Jesus, I am fucked, he thought bitterly, I am
truly royally fucked.
“Do you like to fuck?” the cute blonde in the blue satin blouse had asked him.
Her exact words. He’d almost dumped his beer in his lap. She had to be a

Her exact words. He’d almost dumped his beer in his lap. She had to be a
hooker, of course, but still – talk about coming on strong.
She read his expression and giggled, showing slightly crooked front teeth.
“Oh, don’t get me wrong. I’m not a working girl. Well, I mean I work, all right. I
work on a road construction crew. I’m what they call a flagger, which basically
means I’m one of those chicks stands out in the broiling sun on the highway all
day holding a sign says Slow Down and the good ol’ boys goin’ by in pick-up
trucks holler at us and try to grope our tits out the window.”
“I never knew that,” he said, quietly bemused.
“I don’t usually talk to guys in bars, either, but my boyfriend – ex-boyfriend,
that is – he’s off with some trailer trash whore he met in a honkytonk. I figure
what’s sauce for the gander’s goose is – I mean, sauce for the goose –” She
giggled raucously. “Aww, you know what I mean.”
She was drunk, of course, and he reminded himself that he didn’t care much
for sex with drunken women. They had nasty habits like throwing up on your
cock or passing out in the middle of sex. They tended to walk off with your
Rolex or look through your wallet when you went to the John.
“So do you?” she said.
“Do I what?”
“You know.”
“What you said?”
“What’sa matter, you scared to say the F-word?”
“I think you’ve had too much to drink.” He turned to the bartender, signaling
for his check. He was only in Cincinnati for the one day to look at some lots
zoned for residential development. The lots had proved disappointing – people in
the market for half-million dollar homes didn’t usually want a view, however
distant, of an industrial park – and he was scheduled to fly home to Detroit the
next morning. Beth was going in late to work so she could meet him at the
airport.
Beth – God, what about Beth? If she had been homely or overweight or
uninterested in sex, that might have been one thing, but she was lush and lithe
and seductive and fucked the way he did – like her life depended on it. Every
time he cheated on her, he swore to himself it would be the last time.
Afterwards, he would go to church like the good Catholic boy he once was and
confess to the priest and vow to be different: yet, sooner or later, it would
happen again.
“C’mon, honey, you look like you need to relax.” The girl leaned forward,
allowing him to look down her blouse and see the tattoo of a bumblebee on the
inner swell of one breast. It was done in vivid black and yellow, its stinger
pointing downward at her nipple. “I can help you relax real good.”

pointing downward at her nipple. “I can help you relax real good.”
“I’ll bet you can.” He debated, but only a moment, for his dick had already
decided that she was his type. Her slender, sinewy little body was thinner than he
would have preferred, but she exuded that slutty decadence that always made
him feel like a conqueror on the verge of sacking some foreign city notorious for
its depravity. Eau de wench, essence of whore.
Having made the decision, he felt emboldened, eyeing her up and down with
overt and calculating lust, before he said, “But regarding your question, the
answer is, ‘Yes. Yes, I do.’ ”
Was it his imagination, or did she flinch slightly? Maybe she’d just been
trying to shock him. Maybe this was some kind of game – somebody had dared
her to come on to a man in a bar, and secretly she’d been hoping he wouldn’t
take her up on her offer. For a second, her lower lip quivered, and her boldness
seemed on the verge of disassembling into little-girl sobs. Then she rallied, took
a deep breath, and seemed to pull herself together from sheer force of will. From
the looks of the effort she exerted, it didn’t seem like she had it in her to do that
too many more times.
“My name’s Elise.” She slid her fingers through his. Her skin, he noticed, was
surprisingly cold, but she managed a grin as she said, “You got a room?”
“718.”
“You got a wife?”
Now it was his turn to grin. “Not tonight.”
The rain hammered the windshield of the Volvo with such force that the wipers
couldn’t work fast enough to sweep it away. A semi, lumbering past like a
maddened triceratops, sent up an arc of grey water that inundated the car and
forced Nicholas for a few moments to drive blind. When he saw the lights of
immigration at the Detroit-Windsor border crossing up ahead, he braked
cautiously and pulled up next to a booth, where an immigration agent, after
glancing perfunctorily at his license plates, waved him on.
Accelerating back into the rain, Nicholas let out his breath which, until that
moment, he didn’t realize he’d been holding.
Although his business trips took him to Toronto three or four times a year, he
was always absurdly relieved when it was done, when no need was seen to run
his name through the computer to check for misdeeds in his past. Even if the
immigration agents pulled his record and realized it was a convicted felon
passing through their country’s symbolic portals, there was nothing they could
hold him on, of course. In the years since he got out of prison, he hadn’t
committed any crime more serious than minor traffic violations. But if they
knew about his past, they might be inclined to detain him while they searched

knew about his past, they might be inclined to detain him while they searched
him and his car. And this time, for once, there was something for them to find –
the 0.9 mm Biretta stashed in the vehicle’s console.
By five o’clock that evening, Nicholas was in Toronto, sipping a Scotch and
soda in his lakefront room at the Harbor Castle. He debated whether or not to
call Beth, but hated having to add to the web of lies he’d already conceived.
Supposedly, he was up here at some kind of Home Builders Convention and
would be home Sunday night. Should he need more time, he’d have to invent an
explanation for the extended stay and hope Beth wouldn’t ask too many
questions.
Too early to hit any of Sonny Valdez’s haunts just yet. He knew he should eat
something, but appetite was a memory, these days. His head hurt. He ran cold
water over a washcloth and laid it over his eyes as he stretched out on the bed.
Outside, the rain was still pounding, grey metallic teeth gnashing against the
panes. In the street below, sirens screamed.
When they went up to Nicholas’s room at the Cincinnati Sheraton, the girl –
Elise – gigglingly chugged two of the little bottles of Scotch out of the minibar
while Nicholas unbuttoned her blouse and reveled in the enchanting sounds of
her skirt zipper going down and her silk stockings unrolling. Naked, she was
even thinner than he expected, and the untanned areas of her skin stood out in
pasty contrast to the rest of her body’s dark, glossy-looking bronze.
Appraising her, Nicholas reflected that she was certainly no prettier or sexier
than Beth; her body hinted at no mysteries to be uncovered or exotic depravities
to be unleashed, nor did he get any inkling of a psyche ariot with new and
perverse fantasies. Indeed, if anything, there was a certain sad banality to the
girl, as though she were somehow grievously miscast in her role as a slut, a
tramp, an easy piece of ass.
And yet, for all that, Nicholas could no more not fuck her than he could have
not fucked the women who had preceded her. Like a compulsive gambler
viewing a slot machine or a lottery ticket, for Nicholas, each new sexual
encounter seemed to promise the possibility of some as-yet-undreamed-of
ecstasy. Each pussy was the potential passage to some state of higher bliss that
flickered across his mind in dreams and yet always eluded him.
He went over to the bureau and unzipped his shaving kit.
She looked up. “What are you doing?”
“Condom,” Nicholas said.
She came up behind him, smooshed her tits into his back. “I hate those things.
C’mon, you don’t have to worry. I’m just a nice girl getting back at her cheating
boyfriend. You don’t need to wear a rubber.”

boyfriend. You don’t need to wear a rubber.”
He turned around to say something sarcastic about what “nice girls” do and
don’t do, and she dipped to her knees, his dick disappearing into the tight seal of
her mouth, his mental processes magically unraveling.
After that, they did all the things Nicholas enjoyed most – with a few other
things thrown in for extra. He fucked her standing up, her spine pressed into the
wall, while she stood up on her toes and dug her nails into his shoulders,
moaning. Then on the bed, driving himself between those ivory tits, until the
bumblebee was covered in come that looked like droplets of honey.
When her eyes started to close and she grew sleepy and sated, Nicholas shook
her and said, “We’re only getting started. You asked me, do I like to fuck? I’ll
show you just how much.”
He flipped her over then and fucked her from the rear, butt raised, head buried
in a pillow. For the last half dozen or so thrusts, he put his hands down on her
back and leaned his weight into her. Took note that she must be used to rough
stuff, because she didn’t protest, but took what had to be a painful compression
of her ribcage stoically, drawing in tiny gasps of air as best she could.
“Like that?” he asked when he was finished for the moment. Recovered from
her near-asphyxiation, she snuggled against a pile of pillows and opened up a
bourbon from the minibar.
“Christ, you sure can fuck.” Her smile was sly and silly, a drunken smile, and
yet threaded through with something else, contempt or fear, something dark and
ugly that he tried to pretend he didn’t see. The cheating boyfriend, he supposed.
Her anger at the boyfriend spreading out like the hood of a cobra, directed at any
man that came within her line of vision.
Reaching for something to say, he remarked, “You look like you spend a lot
of time in the sun. What do you do, flag cars in a bikini and a hardhat?”
“Tanning booths.”
“Those are bad for you.”
“Yeah, they give you skin cancer.” She laughed giddily. “But look who’s
talking.”
She started to unscrew another of the tiny bourbon bottles. He took it from
her. “Enough, OK. I don’t want you to pass out on me. You won’t be any fun to
fuck.”
“How about your wife, Nicholas? Is she any fun to fuck? Or is she fat and
frigid or maybe fucking someone else, even as we speak?”
“Don’t talk about my wife. You don’t know anything about her.”
“What is it, she don’t satisfy you?” The honey in her voice was laced with
venom. “Aww, Nicholas’s wife won’t fuck him, so he has to cheat.”
He grabbed her arm, gripping it tight enough to get her attention, but stopping

He grabbed her arm, gripping it tight enough to get her attention, but stopping
just short of causing pain. He wanted her to know he was playing, but also to
realize he could shortcut play and go straight to something a lot stronger, a lot
more serious, real damn fast.
“Yeah, I cheat on her with little blonde sluts who come on to strange men in
bars.”
“I never do this kind of thing.”
“I know, you were a virgin till just now. I could tell the minute I saw you.”
She tried to extricate her arm from his grip. He tightened it a fraction, taking
pleasure in the hint of fear that crossed her features, then let her go. She rubbed
her biceps, glared.
“That hurt.”
“Sometimes I like to make it hurt.”
“Aw, you’re no fun.”
“I beg to differ. Why don’t you pour what’s left of the booze you didn’t drink
over your tits, so I can lick it off?”
He still remembered the rich, dizzyingly sweet taste of the bourbon as it
dribbled down her deep cleavage, the scent of her sweat and her floral perfume.
He remembered having fleeting thoughts about Beth at home in Detroit and
asking himself, “What the hell am I doing? Why am I doing this?” even as he
was getting hard again, turning the girl over onto her hands and knees, roughly
prying open the cheeks of her buttocks, and ramming himself inside.
And later, although normally he liked to keep some lights on, liked to see a
woman looking freshly fucked, he made the room darker as she was getting
dressed, because he didn’t want to see her eyes. Something in them, the despair
and shame that was also tainted with that ugliness he’d noticed earlier – not
directed just at Nicholas personally, but at men in general – filled him with a
queasy kind of fear.
He watched CNN until a little after ten, then drove away from the waterfront
lined with clean, brightly lit luxury hotels to the narrow, congested little lanes
where the sex trade thrived. The sleaze end of the sex trade, anyway.
Toronto was a city where you could find anything, and Nicholas, at one time
or another, in one capacity or another, had provided or partaken of all. As he
drove the depressingly familiar streets, he saw that nothing had changed
significantly since his days here – the whores still strutting on stiletto-thin
spikes, the prancing drag queens in glitter and fake fur and tiny, tight leather
skirts, the hustlers cold-eyed and crotch-heavy, sexy dangerous. Fuck me, fuck
me, buy me, buy me – the eternal mantra of desire and despair.
The rain had tapered off, leaving a chilly moistness in the late summer air and
grey, glassy puddles. Nicholas parked the car under a stoplight and walked up

grey, glassy puddles. Nicholas parked the car under a stoplight and walked up
Yonge Street, checking in sex parlors and bookstores and gay clubs as he went.
Valdez’s name elicited little response in those he queried, other than
occasionally, feigned ignorance followed by a sudden, apparently urgent, need to
be somewhere else.
“Sonny Valdez? Yeah, I know him. But didn’t that fucker croak years ago?
Didn’t he have heart cancer, dick cancer – or maybe he just was a cancer?”
The slant-eyed woman who was speaking was a sodden wreck, breasts like
huge jellyfish that swayed beneath her see-through blouse, a pendulous belly,
eyes ringed with grey-yellow smudges. She sat at the end of the bar in the Cha
Cha Lounge and tried to pick up guys, and people moved their seats to get away
from her.
“No, Sonny Valdez didn’t die,” said Nicholas. “He was supposed to die. They
let him out of fucking prison so he could go home to die, but then he didn’t die.”
The woman eyed him with bleary, wet-brain eyes. “So you already know that,
then why you asking me?”
“I need to find him.”
“You want sweet pussy, you don’t need Sonny for that: you found it right
here.” She leered and spread her bloated thighs, thumped a hand on her crotch.
Nicholas threw down some money for his drink and headed for the door. The
barmaid, a tiny girl with crooked lips and short, raggedy black hair, dashed after
him. The expression on her face was so intense he thought that, in his haste to
escape, he must have miscalculated his tab.
“You after Sonny?”
“I’m not after him. I want to find him, though.”
“Wellll . . . maybe . . .”
He pulled out his wallet, counted off a trio of bills.
“Where is he?”
“He’s got a suite at the Mayflower Hotel.”
“A suite? Last time I saw Sonny, he was holed up in a fleabag hotel without a
pot to piss in.”
“He was sick, then. Now that he’s back on his feet, he’s got business deals
going again. Entrepreneurial endeavors, he calls them.”
Nicholas snorted. “Right. Anything you can snort, shoot, smoke, or fuck,
Sonny’s got a hand in it. How do you know the son-of-a-bitch, anyway?”
“I do him favors. Bring him his groceries a coupl’a times a week. Hold his
hand, suck his dick, listen to him babble.”
Nicholas felt a twinge of alarm. “The cancer – it didn’t come back?”
“Oh, no, he’s healthy,” she said, “but he don’t like to go outside if he don’t
have to. His head’s fucked up. He’s scared of something, scared so bad he don’t

have to. His head’s fucked up. He’s scared of something, scared so bad he don’t
even want to talk about it.”
He’s healthy. How those words sang in Nicholas’s head. How ironic, given how
fervently he’d once wished Sonny Valdez dead.
A few years back, he’d actually gone up to Toronto just to see for himself that
what he’d heard was true, that Sonny had been released from prison, where he’d
done five years of a twelve-year stretch for drug dealing so he could come home
to die. Nicholas had wanted to be sure. He’d told Beth that Sonny was a buddy
from his old neighborhood in Chicago, and he was going up to Toronto to pay
his respects. Which, in a weird way, he supposed was true.
He’d found Sonny much as he’d imagined he’d be, living in one room of a
hotel for the indigent subsidized by the government, looked in on by a sourfaced Filipino hospice worker who barely spoke English. By the time he got
there, even to an untrained eye, it was obvious that death was on the verge of
crawling into bed with Sonny. He lay staring at a tiny TV set, eyes rheumy,
vacant, skin the color and texture of old newspaper. He didn’t recognize
Nicholas, but kept both hands underneath the dirty sheet, rubbing at himself as
though his flaccid dick were an Aladdin’s lamp from which a genie or orgasm
might yet appear.
Nicholas took a long look, saw what he wanted to see, then muttered under his
breath “Rot in hell, Sonny,” and turned to leave.
He didn’t think that Valdez could even hear him and was shaken when the
man said, in a cracked, tortured voice, “Maybe so. But you’ll get there before
me, motherfucker.”
The false bravado of a dying man, Nicholas had thought. The cancer coring
out his brain along with his vocal cords.
Although he bought the Toronto paper for a few weeks after that, he never
saw any notice of Sonny’s death: but then, why should he? How many drugdealing pimps rate a paragraph in the obituary column anyway?
With Sonny presumably gone, Nicholas had exhaled a three-year long sigh of
relief. The scumbag he’d once run drugs for was dead, which meant he didn’t
have to fear his former colleague’s long-term propensity for vileness. Didn’t
have to worry about Sonny reappearing in his life, exposing parts of his sordid
history that not even Beth knew about or trying to blackmail him with the threat
of doing so.
It wasn’t Sonny who turned up from his past, however, but an ex-con named
Danny Sorenson, a guy who’d been a buddy of Nicholas’s when they were
growing up in Chicago. Sorenson hustled luxury cars, stealing them in Detroit,
selling them in Miami or Fort Lauderdale. He was imprudent enough to be

selling them in Miami or Fort Lauderdale. He was imprudent enough to be
driving one such stolen vehicle when, looped on crack, he pulled his first and
last bank robbery. When Nicholas went to prison, Danny had just gotten
transferred down to Canon City Penitentiary in Colorado, after serving two years
of a ten-year stretch in Michigan. He’d known Sonny Valdez there. Had, in fact,
been Sonny’s little helper in various blackmarket scams.
His first December out of the can, Danny got hold of Nicholas’s number and
gave him a call. Christmas time and Danny was lonely and looking for
somebody to get shitfaced with.
“No, thanks,” said Nicholas, making a mental note to tell Beth they needed an
unlisted number. Then, by way of emphasizing his new, domesticated lifestyle,
he’d added, “The wife’s from Toronto. She and I are driving up there to spend
Christmas with her family.”
“Hey, that’s an idea,” said Danny drunkenly. “Maybe I’ll head up to Toronto
myself, see does old Sonny Valdez know some girls can suck dick like a vacuum
cleaner.”
“Sonny’s dead,” said Nicholas. “Cancer. Got let out of prison to die.”
“Yeah, well, I guess he’s resurrected,” Danny said, “ ’cause I seen Sonny
less’n a month ago. Slidin’ out of a taxi on King Street with some Asian cookie
on his arm.”
Nicholas remembered the wasted wreck of a man he’d visited three years
earlier. “Don’t bullshit me, Danny. He’s dead.”
“Man, I talked to him. Asked him what the hell was he doin’ alive. He said he
found the magic cure. His head’s fucked up, though. You know what he wanted?
He asked me to say his name. Just like that. His name. Over and over, while this
Asian chick was rolling her eyes, and I’m saying Sonny Valdez, that’s your
fucking name, and he’s holding onto my arm, saying, say it, say my name, say it
again . . . And then I mention you, and was that a mistake! He goes off on a rant
– said you rolled on him, that hadn’t’a been for you he’d a never gone to prison.”
“Bullshit!”
“Yeah, well, like I said, his head’s fucked up.”
They talked for a few more minutes, Danny wanting to reminisce about prison
days, Nicholas wanting nothing more than to get off the phone. Later on, he tried
to convince himself that Danny Sorenson was drunk or drugged when he had his
encounter with “Sonny”, but it didn’t fly. Bizarre as Danny’s tale was – because
of that very off-the-wall bizarreness – there was a ring of truth to it.
And if Sonny Valdez was still alive, there was the chance he might just show
up at the door one day and introduce Beth to the Nicholas Berringer she didn’t
know – and probably didn’t want to.

The Mayflower Arms was one of the small, swank, boutique-hotels located in
the Yorkville district, northwest of Bloor Street. As expensive as it was unsubtle,
the lobby Nicholas entered was gilded like a Russian Easter egg, appointed with
heavy, dark velvet furniture and Rococo lamps whose shades were supported by
languidly stretching nymphs and pirouetting ballerinas. Whatever else was going
on with Sonny, he wasn’t hurting for money any longer.
The artfully made-up woman behind the front desk spoke with a French
accent so thick it was almost unintelligible, but the fact that she resembled a
young Sophia Loren made asking her to repeat herself a pleasure.
Nicholas gave her his real name and was relieved when she rang Sonny’s suite
and, evidently, was told to send Nicholas on up. Apparently, Sonny had
forgotten the image of Nicholas hovering at his death bed a few years earlier,
murmuring “rot in hell”.
The elevator was of the old-fashioned cage design only large enough to
accommodate two people. As Nicholas ascended, he found himself imagining
how it would be to fuck a woman in such close quarters and such potentially
embarrassing circumstances. He thought about Elise, who had come into his life
and shattered it and disappeared into the night again like some kind of succubus
and about what he’d like to do to her if she were here. Decided the only thing
more satisfying than fucking her would be strangling her at the same time.
“What’s this?” Elise had said, looking at the money Nicholas put on the
dressing table as though she’d never seen currency before. “I told you, I’m not a
hooker.”
“Take it,” he said. “I’d feel better.”
“I hate taking something from somebody when I don’t give nothing back,”
she’d said. An odd comment, he’d thought, coming from a woman he’d just
spent the last few hours boinking.
“Don’t worry, sweetheart, you gave me plenty.”
She cocked her head, pursed her cupie-doll mouth, pinned him to the wall
with her blank blue stare. “Well, you know, you may be right, Nicky. Maybe I
did.”
The elevator groaned open. He didn’t need to look for Sonny’s door. It was
already open, the view within obscured by the portly drug-dealer’s squat bulk.
He wore white sweat pants, a white sweat shirt and running shoes – an outfit
which, considering the fact that he must weigh close to two hundred and fifty
pounds now, gave him the air of a thuggish gnome. A highball glass, clinking
with ice cubes, was in one hand.
“Nicky-boy, long time, no see.” Despite the distinctly unwelcoming tone, he
extended a spade-shaped hand. “To what do I owe the honor of this impromptu
social call?”

social call?”
“I heard you were still alive, and I wanted to see for myself.”
“Then this is a social call?”
“Not exactly. You gonna let me in?”
Sonny’s face split into two portions, the grinning mouth below, the eyes,
fraught with hate and cunning, above. Guardedly, like someone relishing a
private joke, he motioned Nicholas in.
They sat opposite each other, in fat-cushioned chairs with an absurdly fragilelooking glass-topped coffee table between them, hunched over like men closing
a questionable deal. Sonny drank gin. Nicholas had a Scotch, which he intended
to nurse, but ended up swigging down like soda in an effort to make this
encounter less unbearable.
For his part, Sonny chugged his drink like a man facing a firing squad the next
morning. He filled his glass again, leaned back, stroked his scruffy beard. “You
look good, Nicky-boy. You look – respectable, prosperous. You must be proud
of yourself. From a hot-looking young street kid to drug-dealer to hard-timer to –
look at you now, what are you, thirty-five? – a well-dressed businessman,
probably married to some sweet woman who has no idea about your past. You
are married, am I right? Her name’s Beth, I believe.”
“How the hell do you know about her?”
“Oh, I got ways. That fuck-up Danny Sorenson, he needed a job, so I hired
him to do a little PI work. He says you made a good life for yourself there in
Detroit. You got a lot to be proud of, Nicky-boy. Not many men could make the
transition you did. If the streets don’t eat them alive, prison does. Hell, I
remember when you –”
“I didn’t come here to reminisce,” said Nicholas. “I came because I want to
know why you aren’t dead. I want to know what happened, the name of your
doctors, what drugs you took, the clinic you went to, if it was one of those places
in Mexico that deals in holistic stuff or something experimental or –”
“Hey, hold on, just hold the fuck on,” said Sonny. “What are you talking
about? Who says I went anywhere or did anything to get cured? Who says I was
even sick?”
“I saw you, Sonny, remember? I stood by your bedside. You were down to
skin and bones. You smelled like a morgue. Plus you were destitute. You didn’t
have shit, let alone the big bucks to pay for some fancy cure. So don’t bullshit
me. I want to know why you didn’t die, what drugs you took, where you went to
get well.”
“Who says I took anything? Who says it weren’t the grace of God? A
miracle?”
“Bullshit.”

“Bullshit.”
“What is this, Nicky-boy, you thinkin’ about med school? Trying to get
published in some medical journal? If Sixty fucking Minutes shows up wantin’
an interview, maybe I’ll have somethin’ to say, but why the fuck should I talk to
you?”
“Because you’ve got to,” Nicholas said. “Because I’m dying.”
So he told Sonny about the night with Elise and the blood test a couple of
months later, just being on the safe side, and how the test showed that his white
count was decimated, that he was about two T-cells away from full-blown
fucking AIDS.
When he finished, there was a beat of silence, like stopped time, while the
words hung in the air between them. Then Sonny gave a deep, satisfied sigh, like
a man who’s just put away a prime cut of filet mignon, and said, “Will you
excuse me a minute, Nicky-boy? What you just said, this shocks me a little bit. I
need to take it in.”
Maybe it was the Scotch that dulled Nicholas’s thinking, but he figured Sonny
was only going to take a piss or get another drink. Only when Sonny eased
himself back into his seat did he recognize the dramatic change in the man’s
demeanor, the dreamy slackness of his features, for what it was.
“Fuck, what did you do?” He grabbed Sonny’s wrist and yanked up the sleeve
of the sweatshirt – track marks, some old, some very recent.
“China white,” said Sonny, answering the unspoken question. “Pure as
twelve-year-old pussy.”
Nicholas recoiled. “You always said only assholes use their own product.”
“Helps me relax,” said Sonny. “Some primo smack and a coupl’a whores and
it’s almost like I’m back the way I was before.”
“Before what?”
“What you came here to find out about – the secret to my great good health,
the miracle cure.”
Nicholas realized he had only minutes before Sonny nodded off into that
floaty, pink-lined dream state between sleep and wakefulness. Heroin limbo.
“So talk, Sonny.”
“You say you’re dying. That’s too bad, Nicky-boy, but you tell me, why the
fuck should I give a shit?”
Nicholas had prepared for this. Calmly he pulled the 0.9 mm Biretta out of his
jacket and aimed it at Sonny’s head. “Because if you don’t tell me what I want to
know, I kill you. Right here, right now. I got nothing to lose, Sonny. I got AIDS,
so I’m dead anyway. Taking you with me will just be a bonus.”
Sonny grinned at the gun like it was somebody’s index finger and let loose a
laugh. “You can’t kill me, Nicky-boy. Wanna know why? ’Cause there ain’t no

laugh. “You can’t kill me, Nicky-boy. Wanna know why? ’Cause there ain’t no
me to kill. There is no me. I never was. I never will be. It was all a dream, a
fucking fabrication.”
“What the hell are you talking about?”
Sonny moved as if to stand up. Nicholas cocked the gun, said in a whisper that
was sibilant with menace, “Sit the fuck down.”
“I need a drink.”
“You don’t need nothing, Sonny.”
“Say that again.”
“What?”
“What you called me. I like to hear it. Say it again.”
He’s trying to con me into thinking he’s crazy, Nicholas thought, into putting
the gun away. Either that, or he’s drugged himself out of his mind. But he
answered anyway. “I called you Sonny. That’s your name, isn’t it? Sonny
Valdez? Scumbag par excellence. A consummate shit. How’s that?”
“Sonny Valdez, Sonny Valdez.” He shut his eyes, swayed slightly and chanted
the words like a schoolyard ditty. So enraged was Nicholas by what he assumed
had to be a performance that he shifted the gun to his left hand and backhanded
Sonny a stunning blow to the side of the head.
Sonny keeled sideways. But for the heft of the chair arm, he would have
collapsed to the floor. Instead, he sagged limply for a second, then righted
himself with a slow-motion deliberateness that, under other circumstances,
Nicholas would have found unspeakably satisfying.
“How’d you get well, Sonny? Just give me the name of your doctor or your
guru or your medicine man and I’ll be on my way. You can OD in peace. I don’t
give a fuck.”
Sonny’s eyelids fluttered open. He grinned and shook his head like he was
trying to dislodge a gnat from his ear. His eyes gleamed with dark joy and a
perverse, soulless pleasure.
“So you stuck your dick in the wrong hole, huh, Nicky-boy? So did I, only
that’s not what gave me the cancer. That’s what took the cancer away. Took
everything away.”
“What?”
“I’m talking about a piece of ass. A fucking piece of pussy.”
“A woman?”
“You deserve her, Nicky-boy, and everything she’ll do to you. One thing,
though – I tell you who she is, you find her, I want you to come back to me and
tell me where she is.”
“Why’s that, Sonny?”
But the drug-dealer’s eyes were easing shut. He sighed and snored and then

But the drug-dealer’s eyes were easing shut. He sighed and snored and then
jerked semi-awake, a tic twitching at the corner of one eye.
Nicholas shook him so hard his head bounced back and forth like a dashboard
dog’s. “Why, Sonny?”
“ ’Cause I got unfinished business with the bitch,” he whispered slowly. “She
stole from me, the fucking cunt. I’m gonna kill her, ’cause she stole my fucking
name.”
“Fucking crazy smack-shooting, son-of-a-bitch,” muttered Nicholas as he left
the hotel.
The rain had started again, warm and stinging, driven in spurts by the wind.
Nicholas walked with his head down, avoiding the puddles, trying to think.
The Biretta was back in jacket, unfired. His brain was brimming with booze
and the Volvo must’ve been stolen, because he could swear there was some
other vehicle in the space where he’d parked it.
At first he thought of going back to his hotel and trying to sleep, then saying
screw it, driving back home to Detroit, explaining the whole nasty business to
Beth and facing the consequences. At least, he knew that she was healthy. Her
system couldn’t take the Pill so, for years now, they’d been using condoms for
birth control.
He couldn’t face her, though. Not yet.
Not while Sonny Valdez, for all his demented ravings, had given him a shred
of hope.
So he called Beth and made his excuses. Then, for the next week, he stayed in
Toronto, taking in the live sex shows, the backroom peepshows, investigating
the upscale callgirl services, the street hustlers and whores. He didn’t have sex,
paid or otherwise: which was remarkable for Nicholas, since these streets were
his old stomping grounds. They reeked of all his old addictions – bought sex and
booze and the oblivion brought on by a trio of hot whores, a few grams of coke,
and enough Jack to numb out everything but reptile brain lust. Names, he
thought, remembering Sonny’s babbling, who even wanted a name then? Who
needed to know?
“Myriam, her name’s Myriam,” he said to the stringy-haired hustler who
sidled up to him outside the strip bar where he’d just spent the last hour trying to
get information out of girls so stoned or high or just braindead that they made
talking to Sonny seem intellectually stimulating.
To Nicholas’s surprise, the boy’s sallow face lit up; the somber blankness of
his eyes gleamed with animation and a hint of fear.
“Myriam?”
“You know where to find her?”

“You know where to find her?”
“No, but if you make it worth my while, I know somebody who might. My
lover. She saved his life.”
No marquee advertised her. No promoter delivered his pitch or handed out fliers
outside a dark doorway. There was only a stairway leading down to a basement
underneath a boarded-up adult bookstore. When Nicholas took out his wallet, the
smokey-skinned East Indian manning the door shook his head. “No more
audience tonight. Full up.”
Sonny had told him this might happen, so he took a chance. “I’m a friend of
Sonny Valdez. He knows Myriam.”
The man shrugged. “Don’t know no Valdez.”
“Fuck it, man, I’m sick. I know what it is that she does. Sonny told me all
about her.”
The man nodded knowingly. “Maybe you come in anyway,” he said,
unblocking the door.
The stage was small and furnished only with a mattress covered in yellow
satin sheets and a leather swing of the type sold in sex boutiques. Crimson
curtains were gathered back on either side. White carpeting and stark white
walls, against which the curtains stood out like stigmata.
The audience sat on a semi-circle of tiers facing the stage. Saffron-tinted track
lighting rendered their faces bleak, surreal, and jaundiced-looking. Some of the
patrons, almost all men, had removed their shoes and sat cross-legged, like
yogis, but any resemblance to an ashram ended there. The room reeked of sex.
Half a dozen nude and semi-nude women slunk on their hands and knees along
the tiers, offering their mouths to the seated men, a few of whom unzipped in the
detached, dispassionate way of bored despots exercising droits de seigneurs.
Nicholas aimed himself at a seat at the end of the tier farthest away from the
stage. He tottered a bit getting up there and plopped down with an unintended
grunt, like an old man losing a grip on his walker. Fuck, not only had he let
Sonny Valdez send him on this wild goose chase, but he was shitfaced as well.
He thought about getting the hell out of there, finding his way back to the hotel,
assuming he still could, and decorating those snazzy gold bathroom fixtures and
cushy white towels with part of Sonny’s frontal lobe, then he looked down and
saw the brunette with her round tawny rump in the air and decided maybe that
would be hasty.
She was crawling toward him, naked except for the gold armbands on one
wrist and biceps and darker bands, tattooed ones, around her neck and ankles.
Gazing up at him, she ran her tongue around full lips that, in the weird light at
least, looked purple-black.
“You want to fuck?”

“You want to fuck?”
The phrase, in its similarity to Elise’s opening remark of so many months ago,
jolted him. He ran a hand along the sweet, smooth curve of her buttocks and bent
down to cup the furry mound between her legs.
“God, you are fucking beautiful,” he said.
She cocked her head, shiny black hair swishing against her breasts. “You want
my ass, my tits, my cunt?”
“God, yes, I want,” he murmured, “but how about a drink first? Or, better yet,
a joint?”
“No drinks,” she said, “just fuck. No drugs, just fuck. You understand?”
“Right, I got it,” said Nicholas, more perplexed than ever.
So Sonny Valdez had sent him to a place where neither drugs nor alcohol
were part of the picture. The very bizarreness of such a scenario made him
uneasy.
Someone further along the row was requesting the girl’s services. She crawled
past Nicholas, long hair sweeping the carpet, ass uptilted, the pierced lips of her
vulva hanging meatily between her legs.
As Nicholas looked after her longingly, he was aware of a hush and a
collective intaking of breath on the part of the men around him. He turned
toward the stage, where a voluptuous, big-hipped blonde with enormous, lowswaying breasts had emerged from behind the curtains. She wore red leather,
high-heeled boots that laced up the back of her thighs to below the knees. A
black leather thong that made a pretense of covering her crotch disappeared into
the crack of her ass. She looked yielding and smotheringly soft, like loamy earth
from which a man might not emerge without a struggle. To Nicholas, who
preferred his women firm and muscular, she would have merited no more than a
glance, but the audience appeared entranced, almost mesmerized. As one, they
murmured, “Myriam.”
She undulated her lush body along the edge of the stage in rapt silence – no
catcalls, no whistles, nobody rising to thrust a bill under the thong. Silence –
tense, awestruck, respectful – reigned.
She selected an overweight man from the third tier. Haltingly, as though the
sex-steamy air must hurt his lungs, he lumbered onto the stage. Began to remove
his clothes with trembling fingers.
Nicholas watched, at once fascinated and repulsed. The guy was no sex-show
stud, that was obvious. With agonizing self-consciousness, he undressed, then
stood naked, hands flopping nervously over a pendulous abdomen. To Nicholas,
he looked pathetic and ridiculous. The woman ran her hands along his chest,
arms, crotch. He didn’t move: nor did his dick, which peaked softly, shyly from
beneath the mound of belly. The only rigid thing about him was his spine, the

beneath the mound of belly. The only rigid thing about him was his spine, the
vertebrae of which seemed to have been fused by pure panic.
Without further preliminaries, Myriam lay down on the mattress, legs spread,
back arched. The fat man knelt ponderously over her, his body language and
facial expression suggesting he was placing his dick onto a guillotine. Even at
this distance, Nicholas could see his hands were trembling, his dick so soft it
might have been squeezed out of a toothpaste tube.
Nicholas squirmed, finding the guy’s public humiliation almost too painful to
watch.
Myriam played with the man’s penis for a few minutes, using her hands and
mouth: but, if anything, the exercise seemed less about an attempt at copulation
than a graphic demonstration of his utter inability to get an erection.
Finally, the two reversed positions, with Myriam guiding her partner down
onto the mattress while she squatted above him. Slowly, with almost balletic
grace, she removed the thong and lowered herself so that her parted lips touched
the crown of his penis where it rested slack against his enormous belly. The
oiled muscles of her thighs and abdomen flexed powerfully. Six, twelve times in
eye-blink fast succession. Then, again. The fat man gave a little cry. Slowly, like
a snake being charmed, his dick began to rise. From what Nicholas could see, it
looked like the muscles of Myriam’s pussy were tugging at it, lifting it erect,
then sucking it inside her.
The fat man started to buck and moan. Soaked with sweat, he puffed and
grunted. Tears rolled down his cheeks as his cock disappeared inside. She settled
herself on his hips, shut her eyes, and rested motionless. The man beneath her
began to shake and sob. Finally, Myriam eased herself up and released his cock.
It popped back against his belly, majestically erect.
The hush of the room erupted into cheers. Some of the masturbating men
rushed to the stage and surrounded Myriam, anointed her with their semen. One
came on her face, another spurted onto her breasts; thickly clotted strings of it
were in her hair and glistening on her thighs.
Amazed, but also disappointed, Nicholas turned to the scrawny, blemishedfaced man next to him. “So that’s all she does, she cures impotence?” he said.
The man glared at him. “That’s what you think the guy’s problem was, a limp
dick? He had stomach cancer. That’s what she was pulling out of him, the
cancer.”
Afterward, Nicholas waited until Myriam emerged from a bathroom off the hall.
Nothing glamorous now – she wore a baggy white shirt over black tights. Blonde
hair clipped back from her round face. Her only make-up a smudge of mascara
and a dab of fuschia lipstick.

and a dab of fuschia lipstick.
Nicholas blocked her way. “A man named Sonny Valdez claims you cured
him of cancer.”
“Oh, does he?” Her cool green gaze washed over him. The scent of her,
gardenia with undertones of musk, filled his head.
“I have AIDS,” Nicholas said. “Can you help me?”
“If you want it badly enough.”
“How much money?”
“How much is your life worth to you?”
“Two cents on a good day. Cut the crap, lady, how much do you want?”
“Nothing,” said Myriam. “If I heal you, then you make a gift to me. Whatever
you think is fair.”
“That’s a funny way of doing business.
“This isn’t a business.”
“And I won’t do it in front of an audience. It has to be in private. Just you and
me.”
She smiled. “A lot of people feel that way. But the sexual energy of others is
important for the ceremony. It makes the healing faster. If you’re shy about –”
“I’m not shy,” said Nicholas. “But I’m not performing for a bunch of perverts,
either. I already know what that feels like.”
“You know so much, then maybe you don’t need me.” With surprising
strength, she put a hand on his chest and shoved past him.
Contrite and frightened, he went after her. “No, wait. I’m sorry. Please. I need
your help.”
She glared at him a moment, then her features softened and she drew a long,
slow breath. “Tomorrow night, then. Not here, though. Never in the same place
twice. I hope you have a good memory. I never write anything down.”
“It’s good enough,” said Nicholas, and she told him an address.
“Take your clothes off and lie down with me,” said Myriam. They were in a
third floor efficiency of a squalid hotel off Dundas Street that catered to
transients, addicts, and hookers, who rented the rooms by the hour. It occupied a
tiny nook between a take-away Chinese joint and moss-encrusted St Benedict’s
Cathedral on the corner and, although Nicholas had cruised this area a hundred
times, he didn’t remember ever noticing the place before.
Now, awkwardly, as though he were stripping for some unpleasant physical
exam, Nicholas undressed and crawled into bed next to Myriam. He laid a hand
on her breast, but she only continued staring at the ceiling, her expression
meditative, pensive.
“Now what?” he said angrily.

“Now what?” he said angrily.
“Do you believe in God, Nicholas?”
“No.”
“Do you believe that I’m God?”
“Of course not.”
“That you’re God?”
“What is this? Is this about getting it on or are we having a fucking prayer
meeting?”
She turned onto her side, breasts lolling in great vanilla mounds. “You’re here
because you believe – even a little bit – that I might have the power to cure you.
That isn’t rational, Nicholas. And clearly you’re a rational man, who doesn’t
believe in God, who doesn’t expect miracles. So maybe you’re just here for one
last good fuck.” She traced a fingernail around his nipple, teasing it erect. “So
what are you waiting for, Nicholas? Don’t you want to fuck me?”
“Damn right,” he said, affecting his old bravado from the past, but
unconvincingly so. As her fingers played with the curls of his chest hair, fear did
a counterpoint jig on his spine.
“I told you what’s wrong with me,” he said. “You don’t want to use
protection?”
Merriment danced in her green eyes, in the creases at the corners of her smile.
“I already have protection, Nicholas.”
She pulled his face to hers, kissed him long and wetly. Tongue rimming the
roof of his mouth, the tender edge of his gums. Licked his eyelids and throat,
filled his ear with the heat of her breath. Her meaty body felt heavy and
powerful. Her smell enveloped him, old odors and fragrances, scents of passion
and longing and loss. He wanted to fuck her and he wanted to weep, and the
juxtaposition of those two conflicting sensations brought up his anger, a sense of
brute self-preservation.
He rolled her over, got on top and thrust her open. So she didn’t need
protection from his disease? Fine: maybe she needed it from him. He rammed
his way inside her. Their skin squeaked together. He could hear the thumping of
their bellies, the slurp and sputter of moist flesh.
But the instant that he entered her, he felt her grasp him almost to the point of
pain, her inner muscles pulling him inside. Tugging his penis, but also
something else – his essence, his energy, his very Nicholas-ness – for which his
dick seemed to be becoming the conduit. The sensation that he was in the
process of ejaculating not just his infection, but his very soul, galvanized all his
energy into his thrusts. He fucked her desperately, with the savagery of a man
trying to dig his way out of prison, and she was the passage to freedom, to hope.
Carving her out with his cock, widening her up until her cunt seemed to expand

Carving her out with his cock, widening her up until her cunt seemed to expand
to suck in the whole world. She was wet and dark and hot, and somehow he was
not only fucking her, but seeing her from inside as well – she was a black galaxy
pulsing with what seemed at first to be stars, but what he realized were sperm,
countless millions of seething, glittering sperm aswarm in her hothouse interior.
The energy built toward an orgasm. Not yet, his ego protested. For some
perverse reason, he wanted to impress this woman, this harlot, this hooker, this
bitch, he wanted to fuck her like she’d never been fucked. The excitement
intensified, not just in his cock, but at the base of his spine. White energy that
burned and blazed, stoking the fire that kept his cock hard as he fucked her and
fucked her and fucked . . .
Then suddenly, there was no one fucking her at all or getting fucked. Nicholas
– the fiction of Nicholas – was drowning in Myriam’s depths. What remained
was pure silence, a crystalline nothingness marred only by the swelling of his
own primitive terror.
The white radiance of sexual energy blazed like a fiery tree from the base of
his spine. It consumed him, reduced him to ashes.
There was a swishing noise, like fabric rustling, and the sensation of light
entering the room with a rush, but he didn’t dare open his eyes.
For a moment, it seemed every question was answered, every terror assuaged,
every evil forgiven. There was no separation. Ecstasy thrilled through his body,
his soul. His soul – for he knew now that he had one, that it was his soul that was
real, nothing else, not the Nicholas shell he’d accepted as his true self all these
years.
He cried out as he came, opened his eyes, and then recoiled from the shock of
what he saw – rows of naked men and women observing him in all his fear and
vulnerability. He was no longer fucking Myriam on a bed in that miserable hotel
room, but back in the basement room where he’d first seen her, performing on
stage before an audience of aroused and worshipful voyeurs.
Slowly the watchers filed up onto the stage and began the ritual Nicholas had
seen the night before, only tonight it no longer disgusted him – their semen
streamed into his mouth, his hair, mingled with the come on his own cock, and
he didn’t object, didn’t feel soiled or outraged or betrayed, but threw his head
back, opened his mouth, and drank their spillage along with Myriam.
“God,” he breathed, “what happened?”
And she smiled up at him exultantly, and said, “Yes. Exactly. God happened.”
The day after the experience with Myriam, Nicholas went to two different clinics
and had his blood drawn. A week-long wait for the results at the first one, five
days at the other. He could have gone back to Detroit, but the idea never even

occurred to him. As long as she was here, he would be, too.
Am I in love with her? Nicholas thought. Am I in thrall to her?
Not to Myriam herself, he decided, but to the experience she’d given him. For
the first few hours after their lovemaking, the wondrous sensation had lingered.
His reality shifted. He felt whole, he felt one with all of Creation. Entranced by
the feeling, the knowing, that he was not defined by his skin or his mind or his
name, Nicholas, but that God Himself was playing peekaboo, peering out from
behind his eyes looking at God peering back from the eyes of everyone else.
Love suffused him. He no longer hated Sonny Valdez, no longer regretted his
past or longed for some fantasy future. For the first time in his life, he felt happy
and whole.
Then, gradually, the ecstasy faded and Nicholas became just Nicholas again –
separate and lonely and flawed, but longing now to return to that place he had
briefly visited.
He returned to the boarded-up storefront and banged his fist on the locked
basement door. No one answered, and a passing policeman finally stopped by
and shooed him away, thinking him tipsy, but harmless. He went back the next
night and slept on the stones by the door, but no one came. Nor the night after
that or the next one.
Despondent and heartsick, he asked about Myriam, but the few people who
admitted to knowing her said only that she moved around. Here a few days, then
somewhere else.
On the fourth day of useless searching, furious and frustrated, he picked up a
hooker and took her back to his room, where he tried to recreate the experience
he was seeking. When that failed, he found another young woman and did coke
with her before they had sex. On coke, Nicholas could stay hard almost
indefinitely. But nothing happened, except that both he and the girl were sore the
next morning.
His stay at the upscale Harbor Castle was becoming too costly, and he decided
to move to a modest, inexpensive hotel near Queen’s Park. The phone rang as he
was packing his suitcase. He hesitated, then picked it up. Wished that he hadn’t.
The pain in Beth’s voice stabbed his temporal lobe like an icepick. Worse,
though, was the fact that he had to jog his mind to recall the face belonging to
that distraught voice. He felt as though decades had passed since he’d last seen
her. Since he’d lain down with Myriam and everything changed.
“I’m sorry, Beth, but I can’t come home yet. There’s a deal in the making,
some more property that I want to look at –”
“Stop lying to me, Nicholas.”
“Beth, listen –”
“I’m sick of excuses. I want you to come home now. Whatever’s happened,

“I’m sick of excuses. I want you to come home now. Whatever’s happened,
whatever you’ve gotten involved with, I can forgive it, but you have to leave
now, just leave and come home. Can’t you do that?”
He wanted to tell her, yes, yes, of course, I’ll come home, but what he heard
himself say was, “No, I can’t do that. This deal is too important. Leaving here
now is out of the question.”
She gave a long moan that escalated into a wild wail, like an animal lost and
wounded. He held the phone away from his ear, but the sound still reverberated
chaotically through his body, ripping synapses with its discordant notes of
anguish.
“Don’t give me that bullshit, Nicholas. Don’t treat me like an idiot. What is it?
Are you in love with someone else? Is that what it is? Are you leaving me?”
“No, Beth, no, I mean, I don’t know what I’m doing. I just know I can’t come
home yet, I have to stay here a little bit longer. I can’t explain. I want to, but I
just can’t.”
Then there was silence, which was scarier somehow than the grief-stricken
wail of a moment before. “This has something to do with that Sonny Valdez
character, doesn’t it?” she said finally, her voice flat and jagged, like ice chipped
from a block with an axe. “He’s got you involved in something illegal, some
drug scam. Jesus, Nicholas, are you that big a fool? Do you want to go back to
prison?”
“No, no, I don’t.” Tears started pouring out of his eyes, heartfelt and
wrenching, but responding to her words in a way completely different from how
she meant them. He didn’t want to go back to prison: that was the whole point.
Prison was what his life had been like before, prison was his separate identity,
his separate skin. Prison was his narrow, rigid identity as Nicholas Berringer. It
was the same realization, the same awakening, that must have turned Sonny
Valdez into a paranoid recluse. But how could he tell her that, how could he say
it so she didn’t think he’d gone back to drugs, think him insane?
“It’s this, Beth,” he said finally. “I know it sounds crazy, but I had – how do I
put this? – some kind of experience. It was something spiritual, something so
incredible – I can’t just walk away from it now.”
She gave a high, raucous hoot. “A spiritual experience? You, Nicholas? So
what are you saying? Did you get Born Again, join the Moonies, give up your
soul to Lord Krishna?”
“Please, Beth, I’m serious.”
“Then fucking tell me what you’re talking about!”
“I can’t. I want to explain, but I can’t. I do love you. Please just believe that.
Please just be –”
“Are you leaving me, Nicholas?”

“Are you leaving me, Nicholas?”
“I just can’t come home yet, I –”
“Then you know what, Nicholas? Go to hell. Just go to hell!”
She hung up the phone.
“This isn’t enough. I want more – everything you can do to me,” Nicholas said
to the dominatrix. “I don’t give a damn about pain. I don’t care if you make me
bleed. What I want is to go beyond my normal limits, to be outside myself.
Whatever it takes, I want you to do it.”
Madame Yvette was gossamer pale, ethereal-looking with grey eyes like
circles cut from glassy envelopes and long hair, braided down her back, a violent
shade of red. Her milky, finely freckled skin contrasted vividly with the black
leather regalia, the fetish boots and studded wrist bands, the black lipstick and
the riding crop that Nicholas had watched her wield with delicate precision
against the buttocks of the bound and blindfolded “slave” that he’d just fucked.
“You’re not one of my regulars,” she said. “I like to move slowly with a new
client. I need to determine your tolerance for pain and humiliation. I’ve had
clients lose it in the middle of a scene and try to rip my throat out.”
“My tolerance for pain is high,” snapped Nicholas. “And if I were going to
‘lose it’ in the middle of a sex scene, I’d have done that long ago. What I want
–” he hesitated, groped for the right words “– is to be transported mentally, to
lose myself so where I end and you begin becomes unclear. Does that make
sense? Can you give me an experience that’s so intense it clouds the mind and
yet, at the same time, clears it?”
“Short of killing you, you mean?” said Madame Yvette.
“Short of killing me.”
“You don’t mind blood?”
“Not if bleeding gets me to the place I want to be.”
Madame Yvette considered this. Finally she said, “I don’t like dealing with
crazy and unstable people. They’re dangerous to me and to my business. Neither
am I interested in assisting suicide. So tell me, Nicholas: are you one of the
crazy, unstable people?”
“I don’t know.”
Madame Yvette touched his wrist with her bright, black nails and left a tiny
scratch. “Then perhaps we will find out.”
Her dungeon was considered the priciest and best equipped in Toronto, where
Madame and her girls had served the masochistic needs of some of the city’s
wealthiest and most powerful for many years. Suitably foreboding, it was a pod
of individual cells connected to a central hall. Gloomily, it reminded Nicholas of
the time he’d spent behind bars, although the prison accommodation he

the time he’d spent behind bars, although the prison accommodation he
remembered had been vastly more cheerful and definitely better lit.
She ordered Nicholas to strip, which he did, then manacled him to a
crossbeam, arms above his head, legs splayed. His first instinct, when the
manacles were tightened painfully around his wrists, was to try to free himself
and fuck her till she screamed. Submissiveness was not his natural inclination.
All the more reason then, he figured, that he should experience it. Maybe that
was the key, he reasoned. Maybe subservience and suffering would bring him to
that transcendent point where Nicholas ceased to exist and something else filled
the void.
And though she whipped and paddled him until he screamed, tortured him
with excruciating nippleclamps, choked him till lights blinked on and off in his
head and his orgasms were broken up with spaces of unconsciousness, nothing
occurred that ever exceeded the realm of the physical, and Nicholas was always
Nicholas – more than ever, in fact, when his ego raged at Madame Yvette’s
humiliations, the sadistic whimsy of the many degradations to which she
subjected him and the undeniably sweet suffering inherent in each one.
At last, towards dawn, he left the Madame’s establishment – tormented and
pleasured to equal degree, physically sated and emotionally drained, but most of
all, wretchedly disappointed.
For the third time that evening, Nicholas trudged along Yonge Street, head
lowered, oblivious to the sex shop windows full of leather toys, the sibilant
whispers of hookers cooing from the darkening doorways. He’d visited every
purveyor of erotica that he could think of, questioned anyone who’d talk to him,
even tracked down the young hustler who’d originally told him where Myriam
could be found.
He got nothing but blank stares and, occasionally, bitter laughter, as though
the mere fact that he searched for Myriam rendered him an object of pity and
disdain.
Now the hopelessness of it was settling over him. Of course someone like
Myriam wouldn’t stay in one place. Or at least wouldn’t permit the illusion that
she remained in one place, he thought, remembering how he had begun making
love with Myriam in a hotel room and then found himself back in the basement
room where he’d first seen her.
She’s gone, he thought despairingly. I’ll never find her again. I’ll never
experience that feeling again.
Which is worse, he wondered, to have an experience so life-changing that
you’d spend the rest of your life longing for it, dreaming of it, trying fruitlessly
to find it again, or never to have had the experience at all? The first seemed a

to find it again, or never to have had the experience at all? The first seemed a
prescription for wretchedness, yet the second seemed an unthinkable choice.
I’m alive, he thought. I’m cured. The test results came back, and I’m fine. Why
isn’t that enough? Why do I want more? Why can’t I give this up and go back to
Beth – if she’ll have me, that is? I love her: why isn’t she enough?
He passed a hooker of indeterminate gender thunking along on platform heels,
a gaudily costumed creature who licked its lips and swished its silken tongue at
Nicholas. There was a flicker of interest on Nicholas’s part, but it was replaced
almost immediately by discouragement. Since the session with Madame Yvette,
almost a week ago, he’d bought the services of half a dozen professional
purveyors of sex, including a buxom she-male with a python-like dick, a
Vietnamese whore who claimed knowledge of secret Tantric rites, and a
submissive who aroused in Nicholas such powerful aggression that he feared
equally for her life and for his sanity.
But nothing, in that smorgasbord of guilty pleasures and perverse games of
mind and body, did he find anything that resembled even remotely what he’d felt
with Myriam, so he shook his head at the lip-smacking whore and trudged on,
headed toward Dundas Street.
Since coming to Toronto, Nicholas had walked past St Benedict’s Cathedral
dozens of times without giving it more than a passing glance, other than to note
the irony of its presence here at the end of a block comprised almost entirely of
shops devoted to the sex trade. But he’d been raised Catholic and still had some
fleeting attachment to Catholicism’s rites and rituals. There was a certain
comfort in the familiarity of a religion that, for the most part, he’d left behind in
boyhood. On a whim, he decided to go inside.
A few people knelt in prayer. At the altar, a priest was preparing to give Mass.
Nicholas found a confessional and slid inside. He confessed to his adulteries,
to the myriad indulgences of the past few days – the group sex, the gay sex, sex
as dominator and as dominated. But finally, having exhausted that part of his
confession, he said, “I met a woman here who worked a miracle for me. Only a
few days ago, I had AIDS, and now the results of two blood tests have come
back negative. This woman cured me. I don’t expect you to understand this.
Father, or to believe it, but she cured me by – well, by having sex with me, and
now I can’t get over that experience. It haunts me. Not the sex itself, but
something else I can’t put into words . . .” There was a long pause from the other
side. Nicholas slammed his fist against the inside of the confessional and said,
“Fuck, I don’t know why I’m telling you this. You can’t possibly know what I
mean. You must think I’m crazy. Hell, I’m starting to think I’m crazy.”
“Don’t go.” The firmness of the priest’s command halted Nicholas as he was
rising to leave. “You say you’re haunted by what you felt when you were with

rising to leave. “You say you’re haunted by what you felt when you were with
this woman. If you could see her again, if you could be with her, do you think
this time you could hold onto the experience you describe, that you could absorb
it into your soul?”
Nicholas, surprised, responded, “I don’t know, Father. All I know is I want to
try.”
“I don’t know if I’m damning you to hell or guiding you along the path to
heaven, but maybe I can help.”
Beth had packed the car in a rage, not knowing where she was going, only that it
would be in the opposite direction from Nicholas. They’d been married five
years. She had known it was dicey going into it, that Nicholas had spent time in
prison for dealing cocaine, that his youth was a black hole which he described to
her only in the vaguest, most general terms or not at all. She knew the power of
his erotic appetites, so the idea that he might cheat on her was more dismaying
and disappointing than outright shocking – that he would leave her altogether,
though, with no more explanation than that he had no explanation, beggared all
comprehension.
She had decided to drive south, with New Mexico as a vague and dreamily
envisioned destination. She knew no one there, had never indicated to her
husband any desire to visit. It was a destination where, should Nicholas ever tire
of whatever adventure he was on and decide to look for her, he would never find
her. And, in the meantime, she had her own fantasies of Marlboro Men with
studly bulges and swarthy, muscular Mexicans on the prowl for paler flesh. I’ll
show him, she thought, before reflecting sadly on the futility of inspiring
jealousy in someone who didn’t give a fuck.
All this was on her mind when she got the letter postmarked Toronto. Given
the contents, outwardly, it was strikingly genteel-looking. Expensive Mayflower
Hotel stationery addressed in an elegant cursive that resembled the handwriting
of her elderly aunt, not a psychotic-looking T-bar or manic-looking flourish to
be seen.
The very elegance and neatness of it, however, like an exquisitely giftwrapped package that contains manure, flagged her attention as much as if the
letters of the address had been clipped out of a magazine and taped onto the
envelope.
Inside she found a sheet of stationery with a single sentence written in that
same overly controlled hand, as though the writer were making a conscious
effort to contrast the vile inscription with the fastidious lettering. And along with
that, a faded Polaroid of a much younger Nicholas. He wore a tie-dyed body
shirt that showed off a ripped and gleaming chest. Long hair stringy around his

face, eyes blank and strange. Nicky-boy, age 19, the best hustler in the business,
the caption read.
Naked, Nicholas sat on the tier nearest the stage, breathing the heady, almost
nauseatingly sweet scent of incense and sickness and sex. It was the same
basement room that he remembered from the first time he’d seen Myriam, but on
a different street in a different section of the city.
A girl so thin, her biceps were scarcely bigger than her wrists, lay on the
mattress. Her face was turned towards the audience. Her eyes were huge and
frighteningly vacant. The tattoos on her stomach and legs had become misshapen
squiggles of color as her flesh withered and shrank beneath the designs. The
shroud-color of sickness clung to her.
Behind the blue swirl of incense, Myriam moved over the girl. Her heavy,
pendulous breasts lolled against the other’s flat chest, huge, coffee-colored
nipples brushing smooth pink ones. She lifted the girl’s head, tongue-kissed her,
then lapped her way down the skeletal torso to the straw-colored thatch between
her thighs.
The girl didn’t move or give indication that she knew what was happening.
Nicholas strained to see if she even breathed. Her eyes were unblinking. He
wondered if she might have died.
Myriam angled herself between the girl’s legs. A thick, purple-crowned
phallus lolled between her thighs. Never had Nicholas seen a dildo so life-like;
nor could he determine where it had been strapped on. For a disorienting
moment, he suffered the illusion that the cock was actually Myriam’s, that she
had somehow metamorphosed into a male.
As she slid inside the girl, some of the watchers sank into each other’s arms
and began to couple with great urgency. Matings of the same and opposite sex in
positions both conventional and exotically perverse while, as always, there were
men who touched no one but themselves, waiting to anoint the fornicators with
their gush of semen.
A woman with long black hair threaded with grey slid her legs through
Nicholas’s. She dipped down and took his cock into her mouth, but not even that
distracted him from what was taking place on stage. The girl that Myriam fucked
had come to life now. Writhing, bucking, whimpering, her back arching so the
outline of her ribs showed clearly beneath the blue-white skin.
Tears streamed down the girl’s thin face. Myriam stopped thrusting. The girl
calmed. While those in the audience continued their mating, the two on stage lay
quietly together, neither of them moving, suspended in that moment of sublime
transcendence that, to Nicholas, had seemed to last for hours, that moment which
had removed one illness to replace it with another, a kind of hopeless longing

had removed one illness to replace it with another, a kind of hopeless longing
akin to homesickness.
He put his hands down on the head of the woman sucking him. His fingers
threaded through her hair. He held her still and shut his eyes, forcing himself to
remain motionless as he willed the experience he’d had with Myriam to return. It
was in vain – nothing was recaptured, only a greater and more enervating sense
of futility and loss.
Gently he slid himself free of the woman’s warm, willing mouth. Gazed down
into her face searching for some remnant of the experience with Myriam –
because he felt nothing, did that mean she felt nothing, too?
“Have you been with Myriam?” he asked.
She nodded – but only after a pause, warily, like a child reluctant to confess a
minor theft. “I wasn’t sick, though. There was just a lump, a tiny one, that went
away on its own.”
“When you were having sex with her, what did you feel?”
She shrugged. “I don’t remember it,” and dipped her head again.
“Wait,” said Nicholas, lifting her chin. “Do you think about how it felt to be
with her? Do you dream of being with her again?”
“I told you, I don’t remember what it was like,” the woman hissed. Fear
capered in her eyes. She pulled away, and Nicholas let her go.
On stage, Myriam lifted the girl up, so that they sat facing each other, the girl
astride Myriam’s cock. Again, they became motionless, staring into each other’s
eyes.
It’s some kind of hypnotism, thought Nicholas, but even as the idea occurred
to him, he rejected it. He hadn’t been hypnotized when he was making love with
Myriam, nor in the grip of some sex-induced trance. What he’d experienced, for
that matter, hadn’t even been entirely sexual, although perhaps he simply hadn’t
recognized it as such, wasn’t as well versed with the parameters of eroticism as
he’d have liked to think. Maybe not everyone who coupled with Myriam felt it.
Maybe they were too frightened to admit that they did or, like Sonny, their
minds could simply not expand to accommodate the magnitude of the
experience.
Around him, the orgy grew more lusty, the cries and grunts and moans
converging in a strange, atonal symphony. He felt absent from his own skin,
detached from the eager pulsings that stirred his cock to stiffness. He stood up,
retrieved his clothing from the pile beside the door, went outside to the men’s
room in the corridor and got dressed. As he was coming out, a slender woman
with a lustrous tangle of frosted blonde hair was hurrying along the corridor. She
wore a suede skirt, high heels, a black leather vest over a white turtleneck.
Nicholas considered making some minor witticism about etiquette at an orgy

Nicholas considered making some minor witticism about etiquette at an orgy
(don’t worry, late-comers are well thought of), but then thought better of it. As
she breezed past, she half-turned toward him. He glimpsed her face.
“Wait!”
She kept going.
“Elise!”
He could see she tried to pretend the name meant nothing, but there was a
slight cringe when he said it, as though he’d lobbed a small stone.
“Wait, I know it’s you!”
He grabbed her arm, spun her around. “Why are you running from me? What
are you afraid of?”
“Let me go!”
“You knew what you were doing to me,” he said. “When I thought back on it,
the last thing you said was that you were giving me something, too. You knew
you were sick. You did it to me on purpose.”
She pulled away, anger in the twisting of her crimson-lined lips, fear in the
overbright sheen of her eyes. “Let go of me!”
“Not until you tell me why you wanted to infect me. You didn’t even know
me. Why?”
She turned away, shoulders slumping in defeat. “I know you won’t believe
this, but I never in my life purposely set out to hurt somebody like I did you. I’ve
thought about you so much, wondering what happened to you and to your wife. I
am truly sorry.”
“I don’t give a damn about your being sorry. Answer the fucking question.
Why?”
Sooty tears spread from the corners of her heavily mascara’d eyes and tracked
down her cheeks. “I needed money. For doctors’ bills, all kinds of things. I
needed money, and I had to get it any way I could.”
“You mean, somebody paid you to have sex with me, knowing you were
infected?”
She nodded.
“Who?”
But the question was already answered in his mind even before she said it for
him: “Sonny.”
“Jesus God, that vicious bastard.”
“He’s obsessed with getting revenge on you. Almost as much as he does –”
she nodded toward the door behind which Myriam performed “– her.”
“But that doesn’t make sense.”
“He says you rolled on him years back. Set it up so you walked after only a
couple years, and he got sentenced to twelve.”

couple years, and he got sentenced to twelve.”
“That’s not how it went.”
“Maybe not, but he thinks it did. That makes it true.”
“So he wanted me dead. Then why did he tell me about Myriam? She saved
my life.”
“Myriam cured Sonny, too, but she couldn’t cure him of all the hate he carries
around inside him. She also fucked with his mind. Maybe he thought she’d fuck
you up, too, and that would be worse than whatever else he could do to you.”
She looked toward the door and fidgeted with the buttons of her vest. “I need to
get in there.”
“Go on.”
“I’m sorry, Nicholas. Can you forgive me?”
He started to answer with something along the lines of, no way, you fucking
little bitch. Instead he said, “Are you cured, now?”
She shrugged. “So far, so good. It would appear so.”
“Good. I’m glad for you.”
“About Sonny – I shouldn’t have told you he hired me. You aren’t going to do
anything, are you?”
“Only what I wish I’d done a long time ago – blow the fucking scumbag’s
brains out his asshole.”
“I know it was you who sent me this. I want to know why.”
Sonny Valdez took the photo Beth handed him and stared at it as though
seeing it for the first time. “I thought you’d be interested in a side of your
husband’s past I’m betting he never told you about.”
“He worked for you?”
“Worked for me. Serviced me, whatever.”
“So you were his pimp?”
“An ugly word, pimp. I don’t like it. I’d rather think of myself as a mentor.
Nicky-boy was just a kid then, strung out on drugs. He did what he had to do to
survive. I showed him the ropes, helped him along the way. Made a man out of
him, you might say. Occasionally made a woman out of him, too.”
“And later on, he joined you in the drug business, is that it? Which was how
you got sent to jail.”
“I got sent to prison,” said Sonny, “ ’cause Nicky-boy ratted me out. He rolled
on me to shorten his own sentence.”
“Why did you send me that photo?”
Sonny shrugged. “Why not? I wanted to.”
“That’s not what I mean. I mean why would anyone do something so evil?”
“Ah, you mean you’re asking me a metaphysical question, then?” He must

“Ah, you mean you’re asking me a metaphysical question, then?” He must
have caught the change in her expression, because he said angrily, “What’sa
matter, you think an ex-con don’t use words like metaphysical? Well, maybe excons like your husband don’t, but I do, lady. I read Nietzsche and Plato and
Kant. I get my Tarot cards read too and my astrological chart. So you want to
know why I’d do such an evil thing? Because I can. Because I like to stir the pot
and see what comes crawling out.”
“I want to know where my husband is.”
“What makes you think I know?”
“Because I know he came here to see you. Something happened – I don’t
know what – but he’s disappeared.”
“If he ain’t come home, my guess is that he met someone,” said Sonny.
“Name of Myriam.”
“Is she one of your whores?”
“Not mine, but yeah, you could say she’s a whore. She does live sex shows.
People pay big bucks to watch her fuck.”
Beth swallowed. A debate raging inside her head: Do I want to know any
more? Do I go on?
She said, “Where does this take place?”
Sonny shrugged. “She has different venues, but I can’t say where she is. If I
knew for certain, I’d be on my way there now.”
Beth flinched and bit her lip. “She’s that spectacular in bed, you mean? That
all men fall under her spell, not just my husband? He can’t stay away from her
and neither can you?”
“Yeah, but not in the way you think,” Sonny said. “I find out where Myriam
is, I ain’t going there to have sex with her. Having sex with that witch is the last
fucking thing on my mind.” His eyes shifted to Beth. “Having sex with Myriam,
at any rate. But you now, you’re different. More my type. Dark and slender and
kinda classy-looking.”
“Forget it,” Beth said, “Short and fat and flatulent doesn’t do it for me.
Besides, Nicholas would kill you. If you’ve ever seen him angry, then you know
I’m not exaggerating.”
“Maybe so, but he ain’t here now, is he?” He moved closer, slowly occupying
the space between Beth and the door. “See, this is how I see it, Beth. Nicky-boy,
he fucked me over. I figure, by rights, anything belongs to Nicky-boy ought to
belong to me.”
Myriam stared at him with weary eyes. “Show’s over, hon. It’s time to go
home.”
Elise and the rest of the audience had all departed. Myriam and Nicholas stood
alone on the small, shabby stage. “What’s wrong? Didn’t you get what you

alone on the small, shabby stage. “What’s wrong? Didn’t you get what you
wanted?”
“Yes. The tests all came back negative. My blood’s clean. As far as I know,
I’m healthy.”
“Then what are you here for? I’ve done all I can do for you. Go home or, if
you have no home, then find one.”
“I can’t,” said Nicholas. “When I was with you, something happened. I have
to know what it was and how I can find that again. Otherwise, there’s no point in
your having cured me, because I won’t give up searching. I’ll pay you anything
you ask. I’ll get myself reinfected if I have to, if that’s what it takes to be with
you again.”
He realized what he must sound like: either pathetically desperate or
dangerously obsessed.
Myriam brushed at a lock of her platinum hair, shook her head. “Forget about
what happened. Go back to your family, if you have one. Make up for the time
that you’ve wasted.”
“But that’s just it. Everything in my life feels like a waste, now. It’s all a
sham, a lie, a smokescreen covering something else that I glimpsed and then lost
sight of. When I was inside you, somehow – God only knows how – I felt you
pull the disease out of me. But more than that – it felt like everything that I was
or that I am – my history, individuality, my thought patterns and personality,
everything I’ve always thought makes me me – that all fell away and there was
still something else left. And what was left, that felt like the real Nicholas, the
true Nicholas underneath all the fabrication. It felt like there was something
underlying everything else, something besides me, or what I used to think of as
me, and I touched that for a second. All I’m asking is that you help me find that
again.”
“You can’t,” Myriam said softly, and this time there was real sadness in her
eyes. “You must be still and let It find you.”
Sonny Valdez leaned against the door, arms folded. Bloody scratches ran
diagonally along his cheek. He stared at Beth, whose lip was bloody and starting
to swell.
“You really thought that if you took the bait and came here, I’d let you have
your say and then just waltz out the door?”
“This is a mistake, Sonny. Let me leave.”
“Oh, I’ll let you leave, all right. Just not yet. And maybe not in quite the same
condition as you come in.”
In her mind, Beth had prepared herself for this moment a hundred times, just
as she’d also tried to think out what she’d do if she awoke to find the house on

as she’d also tried to think out what she’d do if she awoke to find the house on
fire or found herself caught in undertow or on a plane whose engines suddenly
stalled. The trouble was, you couldn’t really predict the specifics of such events
– least of all whether it was better to try reasoning with a man like Sonny or
fighting back or playing dead and letting whatever happened happen.
“I always wondered what kind of woman Nicky-boy would be shacked up
with,” he said. “Some sexed-up little slut with boobs out to here, I figured. I
mean, that boy could fuck – anyone, any time, any place, any kind of kink you
could imagine. But you – you’re a little more genteel-looking than what I’d
conjured up in my masturbatory fantasies.”
“Looks can be deceiving, Sonny. You think I’m not a match for Nicholas in
bed? You think that’s not partly why I came looking for him? I can find a man
anywhere. I can find a great fuck, if I’m lucky. But a great fuck who also
happens to be the person I love – that only comes along once, Sonny. For a lot of
people, it never comes at all.”
“So you’re a match for Nicky-boy in bed, huh? Well, you’re gonna have to
convince me of that, honey. Fortunately, I got plenty of time to be convinced.”
He came towards her, and she retreated, bumping into the coffee table,
upending it with a crash and a shattering of glass. She picked up a shard to ward
off Sonny, but before he could come at her, the phone on top of the TV set
bleated, halting them both.
The answering machine clicked on, and a woman’s voice, fluttery and
nervous, said, “Sonny, it’s Elise. I need to talk to you. Sonny, will you please
pick up? I just saw Nicholas.”
Sonny rushed for the phone, but Beth was a step ahead and got there first.
“Who is this?” she shouted. “Where are you?”
“Give me that!” Sonny grabbed the phone out of her hand and pushed her
away. So engrossed was he in what the caller was saying that she could have
easily escaped, but she couldn’t, wouldn’t leave now.
“You stupid bitch, you told him what?” roared Sonny and slammed down the
phone. He whirled on Beth. “You want to find your husband? Well, I know
where he is. More important, I know where she is, too.” He reached for her, and
she brought the shard of jagged glass down in an arc, narrowly missing his face.
He grimaced and jumped back. “You gonna try and carve me up with that or you
gonna come with me to find your husband? C’mon, what’ll it be, Beth? You
scared of me or what?”
She was shaking, but she wasn’t scared – not yet. The fear came a moment
later, when Sonny was buttoning his coat, and she saw the pistol tucked inside
the waistband of his pants.

“You’re an unusual man, Nicholas,” said Myriam. “After I cure them, a lot of
people never want to see me again. They’re grateful, but the experience they
have with me is too frightening, too disturbing, to ever want to undergo again.
Some of them decide I’m some kind of witch or demon. I’ve had men claim I
stole their souls.”
“Or their names,” said Nicholas.
“For people sufficiently entrenched in ego, it’s the same thing. They’re so
caught up in their mortal identity, that even a few moments outside their own
ego feels terrifying and annihilating. Some of them go insane.”
“So what does happen, Myriam? How do you cure people?”
“As far as how I cure them, I’m not sure myself – only that when the ego
dissolves, even briefly, so dissolves the disease. As for the experience you had,
all I can tell you is you aren’t the first to search for it. In the nineteenth century,
there was a group of occultists who worshipped what they called the ‘holy
wisdom fire’, a fire they believed to be embodied in all women. Certain women
had the power to help bring about a soul’s spiritual integration through
intercourse and awaken in their partner the highest spiritual powers from deep
within. These occultists called themselves the Cult of Myriam, which still exists.
I studied with the group and took that name for myself.”
“So what happened? You initiated me into some kind of cosmic
consciousness?”
“I didn’t do anything, Nicholas, except offer you a glimpse of what mystics
and holy people have been preaching for centuries. You don’t have to be
Nicholas, you know. You chose to be that person, but that isn’t the real you and,
deep inside, you know that. That’s why you feel compelled to search for that
experience again.”
“Not just because I’m a crazy bastard obsessed with fucking you?”
He was joking, of course – more or less – but she didn’t smile. Instead, she
took his hand and they sat together on the mattress. Sitting turned into reclining,
which melted into embracing. Nicholas felt such a surge of longing and desire
that it was all he could do not to rip off Myriam’s clothing and take her then and
there, to hell with her consent. “You’re thinking you could rape me if you
wanted to,” said Myriam, “and you’re right, but it wouldn’t be the experience
you’re looking for. It would leave you much further from your destination than
you are now.”
“Then make love with me,” said Nicholas, pulling her against him. “You
cured me of my disease: now cure me of my ignorance.”
Her arms wound around his neck. Her legs parted. “I think you have a lot of
good in you, Nicholas,” she said. “More good than you realize. I think your soul
longs for a kind of wisdom few people ever find, let alone experience.”

longs for a kind of wisdom few people ever find, let alone experience.”
“I think you’re wrong,” said Nicholas. “I’m not a good man. Thirty seconds
ago, I was debating whether or not to rape you if you didn’t want to have sex.
And I’m a lot nicer guy now than I used to be, if that puts it in perspective. I
haven’t lived a good life. I’ve been a thief and a drug-dealer and, when I was
younger, a prostitute. I don’t long for any holiness or wisdom. The only thing I
long for is to slide my cock inside your body and fuck you forever and never,
ever leave.”
Her eyes lit up. She laughed gently. “Have you ever considered, Nicholas, that
my body might not be the only place you might find what you’re searching for?
That if you allowed yourself to love someone, really love someone enough to
transcend your own self-centeredness, that might make all the difference?”
But before Nicholas could answer, they both heard the footsteps approaching.
Then the door that opened onto the stairwell was kicked open with a crash that
reverberated throughout the room. Nicholas leaped to his feet, galvanized by an
appalling and incongruous vision – Sonny Valdez, his wife, and the gun that
Sonny was now pointing at him and Myriam.
Someone screamed. Maybe it was Beth or Myriam or even Nicholas himself –
maybe all three of them were screaming at once – but he hurled himself in front
of Myriam, who was still on the floor, and the gun went off and suddenly the
room was filled with a terrible red rain.
In the instant it took Sonny to recock the trigger, Beth grabbed his wrist and
twisted it with all the strength in both her arms. The gun fired again – this time
into the ceiling – as Sonny shoved her away and aimed at Myriam again, firing
into her as she lay in a spreading pool of blood on the mattress. With a cry,
Nicholas charged Sonny, wrestled the gun away from him, and then slammed the
grip into the man’s skull, again and again, like a gong striking the side of a bell,
and he didn’t stop, but kept on bashing the caved-in head, even when Beth
grabbed him and shouted, “It’s all right, Nicholas, it’s all right! He’s dead, he’s
dead, he’s dead!”
After the police got through investigating, when they were convinced Nicholas
had been justified in taking Sonny Valdez’s life, after Myriam was cremated and
her ashes scattered in the churchyard of St Benedict’s, Nicholas and Beth went
back to Detroit and pretended to be making an effort to resume their lives. A
grim joke, thought Nicholas, given everything that had taken place. He’d told
Beth the truth about his past, about Elise, and about how Myriam had somehow
cleansed his infected blood: everything except the experience he’d had while he
and Myriam were making love. That he couldn’t put into words and he was
afraid she’d misunderstand, think he was describing sexual passion and, while

afraid she’d misunderstand, think he was describing sexual passion and, while
that was a component of what he’d undergone, the experience was really so
much more.
Nor could he explain why, week after week, he avoided having sex with Beth
– that the encounters he’d had following Myriam had been so frustrating in their
departure from what he sought that he didn’t want to risk adding Beth to his list
of bitter disappointments or, worse, using her as a momentary distraction from
what he perceived as an unutterable and never-ending grief.
“Do you want me to leave?” he asked her when they lay in bed one night.
“Is that what you want to do?”
He thought about that, really let the idea sink into him. If he ever wanted to
walk out on his marriage, this was the time. If he had lost Myriam and all she
represented, he could still go back to the solace of addictive sex and drugs,
immerse himself in the quest for debaucheries that would bring only deeper and
darker oblivion.
But what he said was, “No, I don’t want to leave. Unless you’d rather I did.”
She was silent a few moments. Then: “I want you to stay. But at the same
time, I love you. And if what you found with that woman Myriam, what you
tried to tell me about on the phone that day when I wouldn’t listen, if you need to
go and look for that, then I’d be wrong to try to stop you. It would be more than
wrong, I think it would be evil.”
A great swelling of relief passed through Nicholas. Relief and gratitude that
seemed to thaw his loins and melt some of the ice from his heart. He was free to
leave her if he wanted to, to look for what he’d lost. That meant that he was also
free to stay. Desire, faint but hopeful, stirred in him.
He wrapped Beth in his arms and pulled her to him. She felt warm and
welcoming and her body shaped itself to his in the old familiar ways, yet even
with some trepidation, there was nothing timid or hesitant about his lovemaking.
He forced her legs apart and mounted her. She arched her hips and guided him
inside.
You’re free to go, if that’s what you need to do.
He loved her more then than he ever had loved anyone. A sense of lightness
and freedom washed over him, a lifting of bonds. He thrust into her and she
moaned his name. “Nicholas, Nicholas, Nicholas.”
But for the briefest, most ecstatic of instants, he had forgotten who that was.

THE DARKLING BEETLES

Gene Santagada

The door was easy to force. Luckily the fancy inlaid glass didn’t break.
Although this building appeared deserted, I did not want to chance being
overheard by some cleaning lady. One firm shove – the door jamb cracked – and
I was in.
I felt along the wall for the light switch. I flicked it – but nothing! Some joker
had taken all the light bulbs.
Big deal, I thought: I see like a bat in the dark. But lights were not the only
things missing from this office. The place was stripped clean: no chairs, desks,
or filing cabinets. They had even taken the water cooler.
Across the room, before a half open window, I saw a tipped-over wastepaper
basket. Garbage can be a case’s Rosetta stone, every detective knows that.
Before checking it out, I peered through the blinds. Only a few cars were in the
parking lot, two stories below. Some looked abandoned; this was typical for the
meat-packing district.
Luck was still with me; the basket was stuffed with papers! This could be the
break I needed. I unfolded the first crumpled letter by the dim light of the
window.
“Samuel Bigglesworth: Private Detective,” announced the letterhead. What
kind of a tinsel-ass name was that? I checked the glass on the door. There it was,
in big black stencil: this was Bigglesworth’s office. I unfolded another letter.
“Dear Mr. Bigglesworth,” it read, “enclosed is a check for $15,000 for your
services.” The next letter said, “As we agreed, here is the $6,000 advance.” I
found more and more like this, even a couple of canceled checks. One was for
eighteen grand!
This Bigglesworth has a sissy name, but he sure rakes in the bucks. I wish I
had this guy’s clientele! Whoever he was, he had to be the best. But it made no
sense for a guy with such cash flow to keep his office buried downtown. I’d be
uptown with the big players and corporate guys. He did make mistakes, though.
It was not smart to leave records around where someone could find them. And if
I ever got a check for eighteen grand, I would have the fucker framed!
Next in the basket was a dog-eared magazine. A nearly naked babe was
plastered on the cover. Big deal, so Bigglesworth was into porn. Who isn’t? I
flipped through the pages, and instead of naked women, I found reams of

flipped through the pages, and instead of naked women, I found reams of
classified ads. “Thirty-something white male seeks twentyish blonde,” that sort
of thing. Poor baby! Bigglesworth was lonely, I know how that is! Some people
included pictures of themselves with the ads.
The more I saw, the more I realized something funny was going on. One
picture had a guy dressed up like a baby, with diapers, even a pacifier stuck in
his mouth. He had to be fifty years old! Next, I saw a woman holding her
stocking clad foot to the camera. Her ad read, “Hi; I am in desperate need of the
right person (guy or gal) to worship my feet.” I winced when I saw the photo of
the guy with all the clothespins pinching his cock. CLOTHESPINS? For Christ’s
sake!
The more I saw and read, the stranger it got. I never would have figured
Bigglesworth for a pervert. But it takes all kinds, doesn’t it? The ads at the back
of the magazine were for escort agencies, “licensed” masseurs, and
“professional” hostesses. A sweet bunch of words that spelled one thing:
prostitution. Just as I was ready to toss the magazine, I noticed an ad on the back
was circled by a felt tip pen.
“Visit Mistress Amanda,” the ad proclaimed. “Do you need something
different?” It went on to say, “Come be a captive in my Dungeon. No posers,
beginners, or wimps allowed! Slaves must submit an application to qualify.
Accepting positions for male and female submissives.” The phone number was
the exchange of this neighborhood. The bottom of the ad included a picture of
the proprietor. She was wearing some sort of fancy girdle. Even in this lowresolution picture, I could tell she was a beauty. I ripped the ad out and stuffed it
in my back pocket.
The basket held one last surprise: an old hat. It was the kind those potsmoking Rastafarians use to stuff their dreadlocks under. It had rainbow colors,
like something out of a time-warp from the hippie days. It was embroidered with
little metallic beetles. Who would have dreamed up such a thing?
Something else was strange. As I handled it, my fingers were getting numb. It
was as if it contained a hidden chunk of dry ice.
I sniffed at the rim. It was not soaked with perfume, nor did it smell sweet, the
way a lady’s sweat smells. This smelled acrid, so it must have belonged to a
man. But I detected something else, an odor that reminded me of . . .
Nothing breaks your concentration like the flashing lights of a police car.
From the window, I saw one racing into the parking lot. It lurched to a halt.
Immediately, two uniformed officers jumped out, followed by two suits climbing
from the back seats. One suit carried a high-powered rifle slung from his
shoulder. The grenade-launcher attached under the barrel of the gun meant this
was not standard issue. The other suit must have stepped out of a science fiction

was not standard issue. The other suit must have stepped out of a science fiction
movie. He was muscular and big. He was wearing some sort of goggles, like
those fancy night vision things, the infrared type.
“We are doing this legal,” I heard the cop say, “by the book. No nasty messups like last time.” The suit with the rifle chuckled. “I mean it,” insisted the cop.
“The chief wants this to go smoothly. Get a good clean fix on him before you
shoot . . .”
What were these guys after? I was glad they were not looking for me.
Then the craziest sensation hit me. I had no idea what I was doing or who sent
me. What case was I on? I started quizzing myself. My unanswerable list grew
larger and larger, even when I got to the fundamental questions. My own name
was even a mystery. It was as if I just became self-aware moments ago. What
was going on? My pockets were empty: no wallet, cards, license, or money. Not
even snapshots of the wife and kids. Did I have a wife and kids? Sickness
cramped my stomach. I felt dizzy, so I steadied myself against the windowsill.
That was a big mistake.
TING! A hole shot through the window glass. It spider-webbed out and
shattered. I dived for the floor. I heard yelling.
“HEY! No shooting!”
“You missed,” another informed, “but I got a clear read on him: he’s up
there.”
They missed, all right. I had to get out of there fast! Crouching low, I headed
for the door.
The dark hallway smelled of plastic and mildew. At one end glowed an exit
sign by the stairwell. At the other end was an elevator. I chose the stairs.
Just inside the stairwell, a barred window provided a view of the parking lot. I
decided to have a peek at my friends.
Both cops were dead. One lay sprawled on the hood of the patrol car, his head
smashed clean through the windshield. The other was spread-eagled on the
ground, face down in a pool of blood. The suits were nowhere in sight. If those
two suits caught up with me, they weren’t going to read me my Miranda Rights.
A creaking sound echoed up the stairwell. A glance over the handrail
confirmed the worst; the searching beam of a rifle laser sight cut the darkness.
They were here.
Dashing upstairs would make noise, so I backed out into the hallway. The
only option was the elevator. If the suits had brains, they would separate; one
should take the stairs, the other the lift. So I pressed myself flush against the
wall, out of sight, and hit the “up” button. Seconds later, the doors opened. It
was empty. I got on and pressed the panel for the top floor. If a chance existed
for getting out of this alive, I needed some distance between us.

for getting out of this alive, I needed some distance between us.
“Third floor,” announced the tinny androgynous-sounding speaker above my
head.
I wished the drugs, if that’s what had deep-sixed my memory, would finally
wear off. But as I concentrated, the wooziness returned. I desperately needed a
clear head.
I rechecked my pockets. This time I found a thin black plastic card, hidden by
the ripped-out ad I stuffed in earlier. It was like a blank credit card, no names or
numbers. But I caught sight of a thin magnetic strip painted down one side. As I
passed the sixth floor, I made another discovery.
I had a gun! Clipped to my belt was a leather holster. The pistol slipped out
easily. It was my Birretta Cougar 45. This little baby came in handy in Hong
Kong, when those three bastards decided to have a surprise party for me. But my
Cougar was the perfect host; she fed each man one serving before going around
the room and delivering seconds. My little baby would not think of letting them
skip dessert, so I went around the table and stuck her cute little barrel right into
each gurgling mouth and . . .
Now I was remembering! This gun had saved my life more than once. But I
had no time to savor this memory.
Muffled voices. Sounds came from underneath me. Somebody was in the
elevator shaft. Grenade launcher! Those words flashed through my brain.
Clammy panic washed over my skin. My short hairs stood on end.
“Eighth floor,” spoke the hardwired voice. I hit the button for the ninth. The
elevator eased to a halt. The doors creaked open.
The explosion blasted me forward out of the elevator.
A ball of smoke and fiery orange sparks shot past. The force slammed me
face-down. I rolled over to see the now twisted floor of the elevator. It was
ruptured open like a tin can. The elevator snapped its cable. It fell half a flight
before I heard the safety gears biting into the shaft. I got up, my gun still planted
firmly in my hand. I ran to the stairwell and rushed to the top floor.
I stepped out into a barren hallway, carpeted in royal blue. The ceiling and
walls were painted warm red. But there were no offices, signs, or doorways. This
place was a gaudy dead end. I heard more noise echoing up the stairs; they were
on their way up. There was no escape. My gun was no match for their heat, and
it was two against one. This was looking bad.
But my eyes paid off again. Buried flush against the wall, I found a hidden
doorway. It was so carefully inlaid that anyone could miss it. But how did it
open? I felt a pulsing rhythm through the door. I placed my ear against it and,
even though my ears still rung from the elevator explosion, I heard music.
Somebody was home. I chanced knocking. Nothing. I banged on the door. Still

Somebody was home. I chanced knocking. Nothing. I banged on the door. Still
no response. I scratched and felt along the door, in search of a secret buzzer,
touch pad, anything! My fingernail caught what I at first thought was just a deep
scratch in the door. But right where a doorknob should be was a two-inch long
slit. This looked like a card insert, and I had such a card.
I fed the mysterious black thing into the slit. It was sucked into the slot. Then
it shot out, tumbling to the floor. As I bent to retrieve it, I heard the blessed
sound of releasing dead bolts. The door slid away.
It was a large spartanly furnished room. Once I stepped in, the door
automatically closed behind me.
A large teakwood desk dominated the room. It had legs carved as tiger claws.
This was something that belonged in a museum, not a piece of office furniture.
The drawers were all locked. On top was a computer keyboard; propped next to
it, a flat screen monitor. Before the desk was a plain chair. But the chair behind
the desk was upholstered in blue velvet, and had a high wooden back carved
with all sorts of exotic animals. This was a throne fit for a king, or a queen.
A number of rooms adjoined this one. One was the source of the music. I
figured I better check out the scene before I met the owner of this place.
The room I chose was unlocked. In the center was a medical examination
table. It looked like the kind of table doctors use to examine women’s glory
holes. Attached to the foot of the table were a pair of stirrups. But these stirrups
had secure buckles. The mid-section of the table had a leather belt fastened to
the sides. At the head of the table was a pair of leather cuffs. Beside the table
stood a metal cart, covered with a sheet of blue paper. I pulled the paper free,
and was greeted by the most evil-looking medical instruments I had ever seen:
clamps, hemostats, needles, probes, and things with hooks. This was a torture
chamber! It was even complete with sound-proof tiles to cover the screams. No
wonder they didn’t hear the elevator explode.
I returned to the main room, following the music. It was something classical.
That’s when I heard the strangest sound – and somebody screaming.
WOOSH-THWACK, the sound went, then a woman screamed, “Stop!
Please!” I heard it again. Woosh-thwack, “Uh,” woosh-thwack, “No . . . No
more,” woosh-thwack . . .
Some poor lady was getting the third degree. It was time to act. I gripped my
gun firmly. I turned the doorknob.
The woman standing before me looked like a riding instructor from hell!
Fortunately, I was behind her. Her long dark hair was luscious. She wore black
satin gloves that reached past her elbows. Her white shirt was stuffed into some
sort of girdle that laced up the back and squeezed her tight. She sported brown
leather pants, the legs of which were tucked into knee-high leather boots. She

leather pants, the legs of which were tucked into knee-high leather boots. She
was just completing the swing of a multi-tailed whip.
“Whoosh,” it cut through the air, “thwack”, it smacked the backside of a
completely naked woman. The poor girl was bent pretzel-like over a leathercovered hobbyhorse. Her hands were secured to one side. Her legs were bound
to a bar that kept them spread about one meter apart. Her cherry-red ass stuck up
in the air.
Then I noticed the man. He was naked except for the tiniest set of briefs I ever
saw. He was bound spread-eagled to this large wooden cross. A black rubber
ball was crammed into his mouth as an effective gag. As he saw me, he started
shaking his head and struggling. He must have been relieved to see me.
“OK, lady, drop that!” I yelled.
The torturer glared at me. A thick lock of hair was obscuring half her face,
like that old movie actress Veronica Lake. This woman was beautiful.
“YOU,” she exclaimed. Of everything she could have said, that was not what I
expected.
“Uh, shut up!” I commanded. “Drop that whip and don’t move!”
The whip hit the floor. The female victim spoke up.
“What the fuck is going on?” she asked, twisting her neck to see.
“Don’t worry,” I assured her, “I’ll get you out of this mess.”
I needed a man’s help, so went to the guy on the cross first. He was staring at
me strangely. The cord securing the gag was easy to unfasten.
“Who the FUCK are you?” He shot an angry stare at the whip woman.
“Mistress Amanda,” he went on, “this is not part of our scene!”
“Yeah,” the naked woman added, “what the hell is going on? This is totally
unprofessional! Oh, shit.” She looked at the man. “Are we being robbed?”
“Sam,” the whip woman asked, “how did you get in here?”
My name was Sam?
“You have ruined our honeymoon,” proclaimed the man on the cross. “I hope
you don’t think we are going to pay . . .”
“SILENCE!” the whip woman shouted. Her two prisoners shut right up. She
turned to me. “Please, Sam, put the gun down.” Most people plead when gazing
down the barrel of a gun, but she just acted upset and concerned. “Haven’t you
hurt me enough? We can work this out and . . .” Stopping mid-sentence, her
expression shifted to one of revelation. “You don’t recognize me, do you?”
I had no idea what was up with this bitch, but she was right about that.
“The Darkling hat,” she proclaimed. “You’ve been wearing it, haven’t you?”
“You mean, this?” I asked, pulling it from my pocket.
She stepped toward me. I raised the gun, asserting my bead on her. I was still
on top, and that’s where I wanted to be until I figured this mess out.

on top, and that’s where I wanted to be until I figured this mess out.
“Sam, let me explain.” She stopped, as if searching for words. Then her dark
eyebrows narrowed. “You weren’t followed here, were you?”
Pounding at the front door interrupted our chat.
“I think so,” I confirmed. Now I had my angle! I would see if this bitch was
on the level.
“Do they want me bad enough to kill two cops?” I asked, my finger tightening
on the trigger.
All expression bled from her face. “If it’s who I think it is,” she said quietly,
“we are all dead, even if you surrender the hat.”
That was a good answer. I lowered the gun.
“OK,” I said. “It’s your move, uh, Amanda.” She gave me a look of contempt.
This woman did not take any shit. I liked that.
“Follow me,” she snapped, striding out of the room, her boots striking the
floor firmly.
“What’s going on?” asked the tied-down woman.
“Yeah,” added the man.
“Hey,” I said, closing the door, “the lady said shut up!”
Amanda went to the big desk. The monitor came on by itself. It displayed an
image of the two goons who were after me.
“That’s them,” I confirmed.
“Shit! Who the hell are they? And one has a visor.” She indicated the big man.
“Are they armed?”
“Yeah, big-time!”
Working on its own, the image switched to a wide-angle shot behind our
visitors. That grenade-launching rifle was propped to one side against the wall.
This babe had the whole place planted with stealth cameras. A rapid flash of
images cycled across the screen. The faces of the two men were being referenced
against some sort of database. A wire frame graphic of the visor spun in a
window, as reams of data scrolled by. The image of one of the goons froze.
“We have a match for the short one,” she informed. “He is an ex-fed. I wonder
who he works for?”
Even with all this going on, I found myself staring at her body. Her small
breasts fitted the boyish frame of her upper body. Her arms were strong, but not
over-developed. Her bottom end was rendered hyper-female by the pinching
corset. How did she breathe in that thing? Her backside was firm and round, like
that of a dancer. Definitely a butt to die for.
“Wait a minute,” I added, “you never touched that keyboard once. You have
an EOS, an Encephalized Operating System.”
This was illegal. Only the military could lawfully maintain an EOS. Whoever

This was illegal. Only the military could lawfully maintain an EOS. Whoever
this demon woman was, she was playing for keeps.
They pounded on the front door again. Amanda motioned me to keep still.
“Hello,” she said. “Who’s there?”
“Uh,” we heard from an invisible speaker, “this is the police.”
“Yes,” she called into the air. “I’m busy with clients, how can I help you?”
“There’s a dangerous fugitive in the neighborhood. Can we come in and ask
some questions?”
One of the locked drawers on the desk sprang open. She pulled out something
that looked like a shower cap. She slipped it over her head, pulling a chinstrap
down her face.
“Yes, officer,” she said, “just give me a minute to dress. Listen,” she confided
to me, “I must let them in or they will get suspicious.”
I agreed.
“This keeps me insulated.” She pointed to the rubber cap. “They can ping me
all they want, and all they will get is a brain full of reflections.”
“What?” I asked.
“Start stripping. I’ll explain.”
“WHAT?”
“Off with your clothes,” she ordered.
I was stripping before a woman I did not even know.
“Officers,” she called out, “I’m getting dressed: give me a minute.”
“My business thrives on confidentiality,” she quietly explained.
I moved fast. I was down to my socks and underwear. My thumbs hesitated at
the waistband. She anticipated my question.
“Yes, those too. Imagine a high-ranking congresswoman who gets off by
being walked and spat on? Or the Federal judge who wants to be a prisoner of
the Nazis and be interrogated by an Amazon SS agent? What would their
political enemies do with such knowledge? And just imagine the media frenzy.”
I was now naked. I placed my gun and holster on the pile of clothes. A sexy
smirk grew on her face again. It was as if she knew something dirty about me.
“They need a court order,” she continued, “if they want a crack at my
computer, and it’s a fucking Federal case if they want to read my mind. So my
cap is licensed.” She rubbed her sexy fingers over her head. She gave me a
suspicious look. “Your thoughts are our weak spot, but this amnesia might play
into our hands.”
This babe had looks, brains, attitude, and swore! I liked that combination. This
is someone I wanted on my side. She was one cool number, this Amanda. I
figured I had better play along.
She stuffed my gun and clothes into the drawer and slammed it shut. Then she

She stuffed my gun and clothes into the drawer and slammed it shut. Then she
led me back to the room with her two captives.
“What about your, uh, clients?” I pointed to the trussed-up man and woman.
“Won’t their minds be readable?”
“We are lucky you brought my hat.”
Her hat?
That was when I saw the scar. A pencil-thin line of pink flesh ran down the
middle of her right cheekbone to the corner of her lip.
“You remember nothing?” Her eyes locked on me.
“I lost a lot, didn’t I?”
Instead of answering, she held the hat open. She brought it to the man first. He
began to struggle. She held it on his head. His face formed a painful grimace.
But then his expression – his whole body – went limp. Amanda withdrew the
hat, then approached the lady. She started thrashing on the horse.
“Those things are illegal,” she complained. “I’m reporting you to the Fetish
Industry Board and . . . and . . .” Her eyes darted in panic, then a convulsion shot
through her body as Amanda slipped the hat on her. “You . . . are . . . are . . . y
–” She went rag-doll limp. Amanda turned to me.
“Your turn, my little detective. It hurts at first, but you used to like it, my sick
little puppy.” She reached toward me and pulled it over my head.
Blackness on blankness. No circuits, wires, chips, wet ware, or LEDs. Only
oblivion. Nothingness raised exponentially to infinity, floating in a blissful void.
Peacefully empty. Painless, but not lonely. The beetles were coming. Legs
outstretched, touching down like planetary space probes. Mandibles sharp and
gnashing. They parted the flesh of my forehead. It was so easy for them to bore
through bone. They were hungry from their long trip. Swarming over the
convolutions of my brain, antennae waving, mandibles snapping. Foraging on
the convolutions of my brain. A forest of delicious memories for their feast.
There was much for them to gorge on.
I awoke in darkness. I was sitting on a floor, my arms suspended above my head.
Something oppressive hugged my face. I stretched my legs, and felt the confines
of a small room. A door opened. Cool air swept my skin.
“How are you doing?”
A familiar voice. She was carefully loosening the bindings at my wrists. My
arms tingled. She tugged at my face. The leather hood came free. The light
temporarily blinded me. Through my squinting eyes, I saw an angel standing
before me.
“How are you feeling?”
“Like shit,” I replied. “My arms are pins and needles.”
“Sorry, that’s the blood returning. I kept you in here too long. You never liked

“Sorry, that’s the blood returning. I kept you in here too long. You never liked
isolation, but I had to check up on you – after our friends left.”
“What?
Slap! She answered by striking my face with her palm. She did it again.
“Amanda!” I blocked the next one. “For Christ’s sake!”
A devilish smirk marked her face.
“Good. You remember.” She helped me to my feet, and I stepped from the
closet.
“The Darkling hat was on you just seconds but, in your sensitized state, I
worried it would bite too deep. At first it only feeds on your most recent
memories, especially emotionally intense ones.”
“I guess having a grenade shot at you is pretty intense.” I glanced around the
room, confirming that the couple had left. “What happened to those customers of
yours? And those hit men? Just a few minutes ago . . .”
“Ha!” She laughed. “Silly boy, that was over an hour ago. I even showed you
off to those to so-called policemen! The hood I had on your face disguised you. I
claimed you were a misbehaving slave and you were being punished by sensory
deprivation. Yeah, you used to hate it when I put a hood on you.”
“Did they try to read my mind?” I interrupted. “Did they ‘ping’ me?”
“Yes, and all he got was a brain pan full of confusion. I hope the bastard
gagged on it.”
“Well,” I ventured, “can I put my pants on now?”
“But you look best naked! They gave me a line of shit about looking for a
terrorist. After they left, I finished the scene with my two customers. Don’t
worry, they won’t remember a thing about you.”
Her face grew stern. “I wish I didn’t remember you.”
“Look,” I said, “since you seem to know me so well, please fill me in?”
“Was it so easy to forget?” Her voice shifting cold, she turned away.
That damn nauseous feeling came back.
“Amanda,” I said, “you got me, I mean us, out of a tough jam. I appreciate
that. But I can’t stand this history act.”
“Just shut up!” She glared. I guess “history” was a bad choice of words. It was
obvious I was more than a notch on this woman’s belt.
“I’m sorry,” I found myself saying. “I should go and just –”
“Sure!” she cut in, ignoring the tear traveling down the wound channel of her
scar. “So where will you go? You would not last a minute out there.”
“Cut the crap!” Now I was getting pissed off. “You can’t fool me. I am not
into this whips and chains stuff. I don’t mean to be disrespectful, especially as
you just saved my life. But this is not my thing.”
“Oh, yeah?” she sarcastically replied, pointing down to my crotch. “That’s not

“Oh, yeah?” she sarcastically replied, pointing down to my crotch. “That’s not
how it looks to me.” My penis was sticking out, hard.
“While you were unconscious,” she continued, “I took the time to do a
thorough search on you. I’ve been reading up on your adventures. Your detective
career has really taken off. You are famous now; one post credited you as being
a modern-day Sherlock Holmes.”
“Well, that’s nice, but . . .”
“Hush! You cracked a big case in Hong Kong.”
As she explained, I remembered my agency. My cases came alive in me. But
it was imperfect, like someone stole pieces of the puzzle. Even my name came
back. How did I ever make it through life with a name like Bigglesworth?
“It’s good you saved this.” Amanda held up the black card. “Some vestigial
remnant of you must be hiding out in your brain. You subconsciously stored
many of your old files and memories using a Gordian Worm, just in case
something like this happened.”
“Wait a minute,” I chimed in, “that’s a deep encryption algorithm, designed
by the military. What was I doing with that?”
“Probably something left over from your friends in Hong Kong. But who
knows what you’ve been up to the last couple of years?” She gave me a stern
look. “I hoped to never see you again.”
“Could I have been that big of a scum-bag?”
“Shhh,” she replied. “The wrong people learned you possessed the hat. In a
sense, you did me a favor. You took the heat – as you say it – off me.” She kept
turning the card in her hands, staring at me. “You know,” she continued, “the
Worm is a tough beast. But I’d like my computer to have a hack at it.”
Technical contraband? Illegal software? Government secrets? Leather and
whips? What the hell was I involved with?
Her gloved hand touched my shoulder. Muscles relaxed throughout my body.
It was as if I was hypnotized. What power did this creature have over me? I had
an impulse to lick that gloved hand. But she pulled it away before I could react.
“Sam,” she continued, “you can have it all back: who you are, what happened,
and why you came back. The EOS and the Darkling hat are based on the same
technology. Your memories can be regurgitated and reinstalled. No one knows
about this function,” she confided. “At least, not anyone alive.”
I just stared at the ground. The tip of her boot nestled into my leg, she gave
me a nudge.
“Well, Mr Detective? Want the mystery of yourself revealed?”
“God, yes,” I found myself saying.
“That’s GODDESS, to you,” she corrected. “But you may have physically
damaged your nervous system. You dissected away some deep and horrible

damaged your nervous system. You dissected away some deep and horrible
memories; getting them force-fed back might be a rough ride. It might even be
fatal. I will have to monitor you closely.”
“Amanda,” I finally interrupted, “I know one thing: we are in great danger.
Whoever I am, he can help us escape. Let’s stop fucking around and get on with
it!”
Amanda recuffed my hands to the wall. She left the room for a moment, then
returned with that crazy hat.
“Well, here goes. Some of the memories will seem alien. Your thoughts may
come back like snapshots from somebody else’s dreamscape . . .”
Her voice faded as she brought the hat to my head.
The man Amanda had trussed up was an enigma. She only saw deep bottoms,
masochists who had a high pain threshold. Beginners, amateurs, posers, or
people just wanting a quick jerk-off never passed her screening process. But he
claimed Anexia had sent him; she would never send a pussy.
During his interview, she could tell he had never been to a dominatrix. Yet he
had a high pain threshold, especially for a novice. Whatever his nature, Amanda
was confident it would soon be exposed. Her dungeon was better – and quicker –
than any psychiatrist’s couch.
Amanda was wearing a black latex corset. It covered her breasts and sat high
on her hips. The front zipper was crossed by a row of seven buckled straps. Her
red latex gloves reached to her elbows. A leather thong complemented her
fishnet pantyhose. The boots came up to just below the knee; the laces were
bright red.
Her customer was naked and bent in an upside-down V over her leather
upholstered hobbyhorse. His ass was the highest part of his body. She had
started with her riding crop. People curious about bondage, discipline, and
sadomasochism – or BDSM, as it was sometimes called – often chose a crop as
their first plaything. It was often mistaken for a beginner’s implement.
But it could be effective, even dangerous, in the hands of someone like
Amanda. And she had just demonstrated her skill on this fellow’s backside. His
butt was now the nicest shade of red and almost glowing. He could not utter his
safe-word – the code word that meant “stop under any circumstance: I am in
trouble” – since a ball gag was stuffed in his mouth. They decided an extended
index finger meant the same. So far, he had hardly moaned. But he would,
Amanda knew, after she raised a few welts.
At the closet, she inspected her collection of whips. She had over a dozen, in
all shapes, sizes, colors, and varieties. The floggers were short, with many tails.
Some were longer, like her cherished cat o’nine tails. Others were not whips at

Some were longer, like her cherished cat o’nine tails. Others were not whips at
all, but flat slappers and paddles. She selected her favorite cat o’nine tails. It was
jet black and three feet long, with nine thick leather lashes, each cut to a point to
deliver a stinging blow. She could be gentle, prolonging a flogging for what
would seem an eternity, or bring someone to their knees with one blow.
Returning to her customer, she spun the whip around her head.
Whoosh . . . Whoosh, she swung it twice above her head, cutting the air, then
“snap” as she delivered the blow to his helpless backside. The tips just kissed his
skin, but that allowed all the force to be transferred to a small area of his flesh.
This was a painful blow. He arched, tugging at his binding.
“Hmmm, you felt that, didn’t you?” Good, thought Amanda, I’m getting to
him.
Too many blows with the tips would abrade his skin like a cheese grater. She
let another swing fly, this time delivering a horizontal stroke, zeroed in on his
left cheek. On the return swings, she let the tails fly over her back to strike her.
This helped her to gauge her blows. She wanted to take her time with this man.
Then she delivered thirty good strokes, alternating on each of his everreddening cheeks. She allowed a greater length of leather to strike his skin. This
distributed the force of her blows. She knew he was anticipating each strike, and
this helped him to endure and prepare. The red marks begun by the crop were
now spreading into a large pattern. If she kept this up too long, his deep tissues
would bruise. This would be too much, even for such an eager beginner. She
stopped and stood beside her subject, checking his restraints and admiring her
handiwork. The restraints were not yet digging into his flesh. A peek between
his legs revealed his contracted scrotum. His penis was hard, forced down by the
horse.
“Good boy,” she said softly. “You did not come.” She placed her hand against
his ass. He jumped.
“No,” she ordered. “Keep still, my victim. If you struggle, it just hurts more.
And you don’t want to make me angry.”
She lovingly ran her hands across his backside. The radiating heat penetrated
her latex gloves. His breathing was slow, deep, and steady. A tiny pool of sweat
had gathered in the small of his back. She dipped her finger, swirling it in the
liquid. She brought her fingertip to her mouth, savoring his bitter saltiness. She
now stood next to his head and slowly petted him as if he was a favored dog.
The tips of his hair were frosted, making them sparkle. She bent beside him.
“How you doing, Sam?” she whispered in his ear.
“. . .”
His eyes were wide and brimming with tears. As she removed the gag, he
inhaled a big suck of air. “Oh, is my hour up so soon? I thought, um . . . umph.”

inhaled a big suck of air. “Oh, is my hour up so soon? I thought, um . . . umph.”
Amanda laughed as she pressed the gag back in his mouth. “Ha! Losing track
of time, are we? You are mine a bit longer.”
Next, she chose the quirt. This stout two-foot whip had a thick handle. The
business end was tipped by a bifurcate strip of flat leather – like the tongue of a
snake. She gave the air a few swings, to loosen it up. He was now ready for
some serious pain.
She put her back into it. The first strike hit both sides of his ass. His back
arched. On the next, he bolted against his restraints. The nerves were
compressed; she allowed time for them to swell and expand before the next
blow. A layer of capillaries under his skin ruptured, stippling his skin with
reddish dots. Now she really started in on him, changing the strokes, not
allowing him the mercy of anticipation. But his ass was sticking out even more,
as if hungry for each swing. Great, she thought, I am going to bring him right to
the edge.
His backside took on the patina of a deep-red tattoo. By the fifteenth stroke,
his struggles were making the leather horse creak. She paused, checking for the
safety sign. He was fine.
She planted the last sting across both cheeks. His body shook. Finally, he let
out a muffled moan.
About time, Amanda said to herself. However, he still had not signaled her to
stop.
She again went to his side. His breathing was fast and deep. His face had
taken on the features of a charging bull. As she pulled the ball-gag free, saliva
and a puff of steam came out. He took in a deep breath.
“Oh, man,” he said. “That was, that was fantastic!”
“Hush,” she replied. “If it was so good, why don’t you demonstrate some
appreciation?”
She shifted her body to expose her latex-covered ass. He turned, placing a kiss
there. He was panting. She moved, offering different areas of her backside to his
attention. He reached the border between latex and skin, planting kisses on her
fishnet stockings. Amanda felt the soft moistness of his tongue through the
material.
“No tongue,” she warned. He stopped for a moment, then continued, letting
his lips do the work. She pulled away, leaving his last kiss to plant air. She
unfastened his hands, then his ankles. He started to rise.
“Careful,” she cautioned. “You don’t want to hurt your back.”
She steadied his arm and helped him up. Rivulets of sweat poured over his
naked body as he stood. His nipples were small, tight, and hard. She walked him
to the couch.

“Sit slowly,” she advised, remaining near. He was looking deep into her eyes.
“Those puppy dog eyes are sweet, but did I give you permission to gaze at me?”
Sam looked down. “Uh, can I ask something?”
“Go on.”
“I would like something to drink.”
Amanda chuckled. “Sure, Sam. Just stay put. I’ll be right back.”
As she entered her office, her computer came on. There were no messages.
She was surprised how worked up she had become during this whipping. Her
thong was soaked! She had a full ninety minutes before her next client, a woman
with a medical fetish. Amanda needed time to prepare the “Doctor’s Office”, and
get into her nurse’s outfit. As she concentrated on her new client, Sam, a live
image of him appeared on the screen. He was now standing by her terrarium,
peering into its webby darkness. He tapped the glass, then his head snapped
back, as if startled. Her pet tarantula never failed to please.
There was something familiar about him. He walked over to the bullwhip she
had displayed on one wall. He ran his hands over its eight-foot length. Whenever
she left a submissive male unattended after a session, they invariably wasted no
time jerking off. Yet there was an unpredictability in this one’s nature. Amanda
liked a challenge. She drew him a cup of water from the cooler. She again ran
his card through her strip reader. Her computer detected no visits to any other
known dominatrix. No fetish clothing purchases. His most recent payment had
been to a school, and he had just purchased an airline ticket.
She returned to the room. He was still eyeing the bullwhip.
“That’s just for show,” Amanda commented.
Sam turned; he was lightly massaging his backside. “It looks evil as hell,” he
said.
“Yes. In the wrong hands, that kind of whip can put someone in the
emergency room.” She handed him the cup of water. “I no longer use it. I once
cut someone by mistake.”
He gulped down the drink, thanking her. She pointed to the couch. Sam
obediently sat down.
“That spider!” Sam indicated the terrarium. “It’s beautiful. I never saw
anything like it. Those metallic blue legs!”
“Her scientific name is Haplopelma lividum; the common name is the Cobalt
Blue Tarantula. But I call her Nagoya.”
“Tarantulas are really harmless. Aren’t they?”
“Most are not poisonous. But the venom of this species is dangerous.”
“I see she is not afraid to use it,” laughed Sam.
“Yeah.” Amanda smiled. “If anything touches that terrarium, she zooms out of
her burrow, fangs erect and dripping with poison. She is one of the aggressive

her burrow, fangs erect and dripping with poison. She is one of the aggressive
species.” Amanda’s features shifted to anger. “Enough with this nature lesson –
get on your knees and entertain me!”
Sam jumped off the couch. He obediently knelt, facing Amanda. But his
hands stayed at his side. He did not know what “entertainment” meant.
She never met a submissive that did not know instinctually.
“Your cock.” Amanda stood, pointing.
Sam looked down at his bobbing penis, then back at Amanda.
She almost slapped his face, but instead said, “Masturbate for me. NOW!”
“Oh,” he replied, grasping his penis. “Sorry.”
“Silence,” she commanded, “or do we need the ball-gag?”
Sam shook his head.
Amanda sat back on the couch, enjoying his little display. “Rest back on your
legs, and spread them wider,” she ordered.
After he complied, he started.
“Slow down! You are going too fast,” she commented. “And don’t even think
of coming!”
He held his cock gently, moving his hand gracefully over the taut skin. He
kept his eyes downcast. After about thirty strokes, his breathing started to
quicken. The muscles in his arms tensed. His penis gave a slight pulse, and a
drop of pre-come oozed from the tip, slowly dripping to the floor.
“Stop.” She patted the seat next to her. “Up here, puppy eyes.”
Sam sat beside her. She noticed another clear drop of pre-come dangling at the
tip of his penis. He was looking at it as well.
“That is bad!” she explained. She reached forward, wrapping her gloved
fingers around the shaft of his penis. He froze in answer to her touch. She gave it
a gentle pump, milking out another, larger size droplet. “I don’t allow precome,” she explained, “this is B-A-D.” She enforced her lesson by giving a
harder squeeze. She loved the dramatic impact of saying “no” and “bad” to
physical reactions people thought involuntary. Amanda knew that, in time, if he
came back, he would learn to control such impulses.
But Amanda’s impulses were hers to indulge. She flipped over, straddling
Sam’s lap, facing him. Her body pressed his hard penis flat against his stomach.
The buckles of her corset dug into his skin. His head was buried between her
covered breasts. This was too much pleasure for him; she grabbed a fistful of
hair at the nape of his neck and pulled his head away. She rocked her hips,
thrusting hard onto him. She knew her extra weight was agony to his backside.
She felt his hot breath fanning her. She released his hair. He obediently kept in
place. His face betrayed the conflicting mix of pleasure and suffering she was
causing.

causing.
“That’s it, my little puppy,” she cooed.
It surprised her that he came this soon. She felt his penis pumping between
them like a detached entity. His eyes closed; he was panting. When it was over,
he gazed up at her. Tears filled his eyes again.
“Oh, that is cute,” commented Amanda. “Are you crying from pleasure or
pain?” It was careless of him to stare, but she let this indiscretion slide. He was a
newbie: he would learn.
“I’m sad because it’s over,” he said softly.
Good answer, thought Amanda.
She got off him, inspecting the mess that was now on her crotch. Luckily,
semen was easy to clean from latex. She smeared her fingers into the milky
liquid and touched it to his lips. She painted it across his mouth.
“Lip gloss looks good on you,” Amanda said gently. Sam extended his
tongue, licked his lips clean.
“Mistress Amanda,” he said softly, “that was fantastic. Thank you, thank
you.”
“Don’t expect such kind treatment next time,” she interrupted. “I’m just in a
generous mood.”
She watched him dress. As she did, it struck her why he had such an effect.
“You know, you remind me of an old friend,” she said, as he was ready to
leave.
“I hope that is a good thing,” Sam added, doubt on his face.
“Yes, it is.” She walked him back to her desk. “So, I think you should see me
soon.”
“I would love to see you again. But,” he added, “I’m leaving town next week
for a five-day seminar.” They agreed to another session in two weeks.
“Good, I will see you then.” She reclined on her antique chair. “Be prompt!”
“Yes, I will,” he said. He turned, the door slid open, and he left the room.
Amanda studied the monitor. She spied on him walking down the hall. He
rubbed his backside again as he waited for the elevator. Amanda smiled. She
initiated a deeper search on this man, her EOS snapping to attention like a loyal
slave. More information was needed on a man who affected her this way. Was it
just physical similarities to David? No, it was something else. She was
determined to ferret it out.
“Well.” Amanda placed the glass of wine down on the table. “Relationships
often get complicated for me. People try to change me.”
Sam sat across the table, staring at Amanda’s plate of fresh oysters. Even
though he had been seeing her for six months, he was nervous. After their last

though he had been seeing her for six months, he was nervous. After their last
session together, he had got up the courage to ask Amanda if she’d like to have
dinner one evening. She had immediately agreed, allowing Sam to iron out the
details.
He prayed everything would go perfectly. He feared Amanda would feel
hiring the limousine was a bit overboard, but she was delighted. She once
mentioned her love of seafood; the restaurant he picked was noted for it. Since it
was midweek, the place was not crowded. Tonight qualified as a legitimate date,
at least in Sam’s mind. As far as he could tell, Amanda felt the same way.
“Lemon,” she said, staring down at her appetizer.
Sam selected a lemon slice, and squeezed it over one of the shellfish.
“Good boy,” Amanda commented, as she raised the shell to her lips, sucking
in the raw, glistening creature. Sam’s appetizer of smoked salmon and dill sauce
had so far remained untouched.
“My pleasure,” Sam responded. “I can see how some people would be
threatened by your career. I mean, the things you do to people.”
“So, honey,” she deepened her voice, to imitate a man’s, “how was your
day?”
“Oh,” Sam replied, feminizing himself, “just some cock-and-ball torture, and
the toilet training of a sloppy slave.” They burst into laughter, drawing the
attention of an older couple, who looked to be having dinner with their daughter.
“Female dominance pervades my life,” Amanda continued more quietly. “You
know that much about me now. On the other hand, I cannot be dominant every
moment of the day. I like to cuddle beside the fire with my lover, or go to a
movie in regular clothes.” She smiled, adding, “Or being taken out to dinner
with a nice guy.”
Sam smiled back, his nervousness abating.
“For most people, our lifestyle is just a brief fantasy,” Sam offered. “It sounds
cliché but, for example, say you have a certain type-A executive. All day he
bosses his underlings around and acts as if he is carrying the weight of the world
on his shoulders. He’s married, with kids. A Conservative. But every so often,
instead of his usual lunch break, he visits his dominatrix. She bosses him around.
Makes him beg.”
“Thank goodness for such people,” Amanda commented. “They pay my
bills!” She stared down at her plate; only one oyster remained.
“Hot sauce!”
Sam obliged, then continued. “But, after a session, his kinky needs are
satisfied. He commutes back to his suburban lifestyle, ashamed of what he
needs.”
Amanda interrupted, “Hopefully, his dominatrix was skilful enough not to

Amanda interrupted, “Hopefully, his dominatrix was skilful enough not to
leave any marks.”
Sam laughed. “But this part of such people’s lives is compartmentalized,
isolated from the rest of their lifestyle.”
“Yes,” agreed Amanda. “But then you have those precious people, rare ones
who have this compulsion deep inside them.”
Amanda’s vision was locked on Sam’s hands. He wondered what she was
thinking.
“Sometimes,” she continued, “you remind me of David. That does not bother
you, does it?”
“No,” Sam lied. “That’s OK.”
The spirit of David often wormed its way into Amanda’s conversations. He
had worked for a tech firm on a secretive government project. The goal was a
direct human-to-computer contact. His team’s breakthroughs lead to the first
operational EOS. But as soon as major progress was made, the government
barged in, stopping the project. Just after that, David and most of his colleagues
were killed in an airline accident. Amanda and David had been lovers for three
years.
“I never told you that the Cobalt Blue Tarantula was a gift of David’s. Much
research was done with insects and spiders in the early days of the project. The
EOS emulates the hive mentality of insects. Some insect colonies are composed
of millions of individuals, all subservient to the needs of the whole. How does
one end of an ant colony know what the other end is doing? Years ago, it was
believed chemical messengers, called pheromones, were the only thing
responsible for hive discipline. It is so organized, the hive or colony is
sometimes referred to as the ‘super-organism’: thousands of individuals,
codependent, linked together, so intimately joined they act as one living entity.
Arachnids were also investigated. Many web spiders build a retreat in which to
hide. If you pluck a spider from its web, it instantly runs to its retreat when you
return it. It knows the right direction to run to, no matter where you place it in
the web. It always knows, even if you blind it. It was discovered that the web is a
vast extension of the spider’s nervous system. The web is an organ of the spider,
as much as our skin is part of us.
“My spider is like a little piece of David, still alive and in my care. I cherish it.
Females live much longer than males, you know?” She was smiling broadly,
then grew solemn. “The computer he gave me was . . .”
The waitress interrupted them. She was twentyish, with short-cropped hair and
dark skin. Her tentative nature betrayed the fact she was new to this job.
“Hello again,” she said, giving Sam’s untouched food a suspicious look. “Is
everything OK?”

everything OK?”
“Everything is fine,” Sam confirmed.
Amanda gestured for the waitress to come closer. “He knows his place,”
Amanda confided. “My slaves never touch their food till I’m finished.”
“Oh.” Her face screwed up. “Your entrées will be out in a few minutes.” She
hurried to the kitchen.
Amanda stifled a laugh. “Go ahead, eat!”
Sam dug into his appetizer. After a few bites, he asked a question he knew
was on her mind.
“You feel David’s death was a set-up,” he asked, “and the government – or
something – had a hand in it?”
“The authorities don’t want its citizens to read minds, Sam.” Amanda stared
into the distance. Sam glanced around to make sure no one was listening.
“But the Darkling hat of yours was just a peripheral,” he commented. Amanda
had shown him the mysterious device, the other day. “From what little I know,”
he continued, “it was intended as a tool for the treatment of mental illness.”
“Mine was the prototype,” Amanda explained. “David gave it to me for safekeeping when he got suspicious the project was going to be terminated. The
psychic powers of the EOS were discovered by accident. Some graduate student
kept the files of her PhD thesis on the super-computer where the EOS resided.
She was told to remove her work from the drives. That night, she logged on and
erased them. Later, they found her wandering the halls, babbling incoherently.
Somehow, all memories of her college career had been purged from her mind.”
“Jesus!” Sam exclaimed. “How is that possible?”
“I don’t know. Nobody does. Except maybe David. But it gets weirder.
Luckily, she kept back-ups of her work. David and the others copied the backups to the EOS, and her memories were restored!”
Sam listened, his mouth open.
“Another bizarre surprise was that people logged into an EOS network could
read each other’s thoughts. If the different mechanisms of all this could be
isolated –”
“Mind reading,” Sam interrupted. “To have your memories excised, it would
be like being reborn.” He shook his head.
Amanda agreed. “I guess the myths and magic of the past become realities
through science.” She broke off the conversation and leaned toward Sam. “I
have been holding off asking this . . .” Her voice drifted off. He did not need a
psychic computer to anticipate her question.
“You want me to investigate David’s death, to find out what really happened.”
Her eyes brightened; she leaned even closer. “Can you? I mean, his parents
did not care at all. They did not even allow me to come to his, to his –”

did not care at all. They did not even allow me to come to his, to his –”
Amanda’s eyes welled with tears. “Shit.” She stopped herself. “This has nothing
to do with you. It’s wrong of me . . .”
“Amanda,” Sam cut in. He reached across the table, gently placing his hand
over hers. Her fingers were cold. “No, it’s fine. In a few months, I will have my
license, and that will allow me access to so much information, I . . .”
“Why am I telling you all this?”
“You have lived with this too long,” Sam encouraged. “I’m happy you trust
me.” He needed to deflect the conversation; Amanda’s depression was showing
on her face. “Well, this is a switch,” he added with a wry expression. “The
dominatrix confessing to the slave!”
“Oh, yeah?” She pulled her hands away and sat back in the chair. “Take your
penis out.”
“Excuse me?”
“Correction: take my penis out!” Amanda clarified.
The people across the restaurant were looking again.
“You can do it!” she whispered. “Just keep yourself covered with the
tablecloth.”
Sam reached under the table to undo his pants. He fished out his penis,
checking to see that no one was watching. Fortunately, the tablecloth concealed
his lap. Amanda shifted in her seat. Sam jumped when he felt her boot press
against his flesh. He chanced a glance down, seeing Amanda’s boots under the
cloth.
“Spread!” Amanda said.
“What?”
“Are you going deaf on me? Your legs! They are too close together. How do
you expect me to get comfortable?” She wore the smirk that drove him wild.
Sam parted his legs wider. Now both of her feet were situated on the end of
his chair.
Sam’s penis was held vice-like between her leather boots. She started to pump
her legs gently back and forth, pulling and stretching his rapidly hardening penis
in a slow masturbation.
“What would happen to our privacy,” Amanda went on, “if people could read
minds? In the wrong hands, David’s work could mean the end of individuality.
But David’s team had mental therapy in mind. It would be used like surgically
precise shock therapy, excising traumatic memories. But screw the therapy
aspect!” She hit her fist on the table. “Don’t exorcize my demons: they are the
best part of me.”
Sam had heard her say that before, but now he was paying little attention.
“Can I take your plates?”
The waitress! She was standing right next to Sam. Amanda showed

The waitress! She was standing right next to Sam. Amanda showed
indifference. But then he saw Amanda slowly, purposely, pushing her fork closer
and closer to the edge of the table. It tumbled to the floor.
“Oh, I’ll get it,” chimed the waitress.
“NO!” Sam shouted. “Ah, that’s OK, I’ll get it.”
Sam contorted himself, leaning forward to successfully retrieve the piece of
silverware. Amanda kept his cock in a vice-like grip, the whole time.
“Your entrées will be coming right out.” The waitress cleared the table and
sped back to the kitchen.
Amanda only partially succeeded in suppressing her laughter. Sam joined in.
“I hope we don’t get kicked out of here!” Sam cautioned.
They were still laughing as the waitress returned. She set a huge platter of
crab legs in front of Amanda. The Cajun-blackened bluefish was for Sam.
“Our food looks great!” Amanda commented.
Sam begged with his eyes.
“Go ahead, silly. Eat!”
Throughout the meal, Amanda occasionally asserted herself by tugging on
Sam’s imprisoned cock.
“Hot sauce!” Amanda said, near the end of their dinner. She was listlessly
pushing around the spiny shell of the crustacean she just ate. Sam picked up the
bottle, but he was unsure what to shake it on.
“I think you could use some lubrication,” Amanda suggested.
“What?”
Amanda pointed underneath the table. “Down there!”
“You don’t mean . . .”
“Do I have to explain everything?” There was a dismissive edge in her voice.
“You were doing so well up to now.”
“You mean, you want me, I have to . . .”
Amanda unlocked Sam’s penis from the trap of her boots. She acted as if she
was going to leave.
“Yes,” he quickly assured her. “I mean, yes, mistress.”
He pushed the tablecloth back to just reveal his lap. He inverted the bottle,
sprinkling a liberal dose of the condiment over his penis. His skin welcomed the
cool wetness. He carefully avoided getting it on the tip of his penis; he did not
want to learn the effects of pepper sauce on it.
Amanda eased her feet back together. Now the leather easily glided over his
skin. Her movements took on an accommodating, slow tempo. His skin eagerly
welcomed the marvelous combination of leather and liquid.
“Mm,” he moaned, then under his breath said, “Amanda, that feels nice.”
“Just wait.” She shot him an evil grin. “You know why it’s called the Darkling

“Just wait.” She shot him an evil grin. “You know why it’s called the Darkling
hat?” Amanda asked.
“Yes,” Sam replied, as he began to feel a tingling in his foreskin.
“You do?”
Sam nodded. “It – it’s about the beetles embroidered on the hat.”
The spice was just now working its way into the nerve-endings of his skin. A
tingly warmth was developing. The movement of Amanda’s boots remained
slow and steady. She moved her foot to place the sole flat against his penis,
forcing it up against the confines of his zipper and pants. She nestled the spike
heel underneath his scrotum.
“Go on,” Amanda encouraged.
Sam cleared his throat.
“Yes, the Darkling Beetles belong to a family called the Tenebrionidae.”
Sam closed his eyes. His crotch felt very warm. Amanda pressed her foot
harder into him, the arch of her boot spreading his testicles. It was as if she were
trying to force her spiked heel into his anus.
“Tell me more!” She asserted her command by giving him a sharp thrust.
“Ooh!” Sam yelped. “Darkling means things done in darkness.”
She withdrew her foot. His penis was free. But the burning increased. Next,
she forced his penis down, trapping it between her sole and the top of her other
boot.
“Now, those other dark beetles you told me about, the Skin beetles, the
Dermestids.”
Each of her movements pushed more and more of the hot sauce into his skin.
Suddenly the tip of his penis felt as if it was on fire. The evil liquid had found an
opening. He started to sweat. Sam offered her a pleading expression, but
Amanda just smiled.
“Skeleton preparation. Dead animals are stripped by hand of their skins and
soft tissues . . .”
Amanda continued to play with him, squeezing, rubbing, changing her
movements.
“When it is just bones, cartilage, connective tissue, and bits of muscle, the
body dries out.” Sam closed his eyes.The burning was growing unbearable.
Amanda finished the explanation for him. “Then the carcass is placed in a big
vat of Dermestids,” she said, “and the beetles swarm over it, gnawing on the
dried bits of flesh. After a time, the skeleton is picked clean and white.”
Sam did not hear her words. Beneath the cauldron, a new threat was asserting
itself. It promised a moment of relief from the fire. A source of pleasure was
rising fast. The table creaked as he hugged it, digging his nails in. Any second
now, his orgasm would be joining them for dinner.

now, his orgasm would be joining them for dinner.
A voice cut into his conscience. He willed his eyes open.
“How was your meal?”
It was the waitress. She was standing beside them.
Amanda was glaring at Sam. “Our charming waitress asked a question!”
It was as if a huge gripping fist were releasing his body. His back stiffened.
He gave in to his orgasm. Amanda held him firm, as surge after surge of his
jetting semen poured over her boots.
At the last contraction, he spoke. “Uh, I –” clearing his throat “– it was very
good, thank you.” Now please just get the fuck out of here, Sam screamed
inside.
“Well, would you like any dessert?”
“No, thank you,” he heard Amanda say. Sam covered his forehead and eyes,
as if he had a headache. “Just bring our check.”
“Sure,” the waitress answered.
Sam was still panting. Amanda had the hot sauce in her hands. She poured a
little out onto her fingers and brought it to her lips. She painted it there in lipgloss fashion, like the time she painted his lips with his semen the first time they
met.
“Yum,” Amanda commented.
The burning was now overpowering; it felt as if his skin was bubbling off.
“Uh, uh,” he mouthed.
Amanda perked up. “Yes?” she asked, cocking an eyebrow.
“Please, Amanda,” he begged. “I have to use the bathroom.”
Amanda chuckled. “Fine; you’re excused.”
Sam gingerly returned his penis to his pants. As if by some miracle, only a
little of the sauce had stained the outside of his pants. The restaurant was dark;
he guessed no one would see.
He bolted to the men’s room. Fortunately, it appeared vacant. Standing before
one of the sinks, Sam undid his pants and pulled them halfway down. He threw
open both taps. Water shot out, splashing in the sink. He cradled his penis and
scrotum, draping them over the cool porcelain. He frantically splashed handful
after handful of water over his inflamed genitals.
“Ooh, ooh,” he moaned, as the water bathed and refreshed his skin. He leaned
against the sink, adjusting the taps, keeping the stream cool. A mixed droplet of
semen and hot sauce oozed from his penis.
Sam heard a flushing toilet. Someone was in there! The door of one of the
stalls opened. Out came an older man, one of the people who had been staring.
Sam wished he were invisible. In the mirror, he watched the man clean up in a
sink that was furthest away. The man carefully avoided making eye contact. Just

sink that was furthest away. The man carefully avoided making eye contact. Just
before leaving, he hesitated at the door, turning in Sam’s direction.
“I’m treating my daughter to dinner,” the man announced in a stern voice.
“It’s her graduation!” He slammed the door behind him.
“Well, congratulations!” Sam shouted to the empty room. He dried himself
off and returned his reproductive organs to their rightful home. When he
returned to their table, most of the plates were gone.
“How are you doing?” Amanda asked.
“I’m fine.”
“Good. Why not pay the bill, and head back to my apartment?”
Sam had never been to the place she lived. “Not the dungeon?” he asked.
“I could use a little cuddling near the fire. How about you?”
Sam smiled broadly. “That sounds fantastic! I’ll pay the bill and get our
coats.” He rose from the table.
Just as they were about to leave, a crashing sound stopped him. Sam spun
around. Amanda had one of her legs up on the table. She swung the other leg up,
bringing it down with a thud. She pushed back in her chair, pointing an accusing
finger at her boots.
“You horrible pig!” Amanda screamed. Sam saw a mix of hot sauce and come
painted on her boots.
“You want me to leave here, in a state like this? And you were doing so well,
up to now. I am so disappointed.”
“No, Amanda,” Sam interrupted. His mind raced, then he chose a course of
action. Leaning over, he brought his face down to her boots. In front of the
sparsely filled dining room, Sam licked her boots clean. He had tasted his semen
before, but the smell of her leather and taste of the hot sauce was delicious. He
did it as fast as he could.
Amanda reached over, running her fingers through his hair. “Very good, my
little puppy.”
Back in the limo, Sam fixed two drinks from the well-stocked bar. They had a
forty-five-minute ride ahead of them.
“When did you first become interested in bondage and discipline?” Amanda
asked.
Sam took a gulp of his drink. “You mean, how long have I been a pervert?”
“Yes,” grinned Amanda. “Basically that’s what I’m asking.”
“My first experience was when I was a young boy,” Sam started. “The
neighbors had a daughter who was about a year older than I. We were friends.
She was a bit of a tomboy. One day, we were playing at her house. For some
reason, we started rolling ourselves in the carpets . . .”
“What?” Amanda laughed and sipped her drink. “You mean the rugs? Oh,

“What?” Amanda laughed and sipped her drink. “You mean the rugs? Oh,
that’s a good one!”
“Well,” Sam went on, “I rolled myself up like a sausage in this one little rug.
Only my head and feet stuck out. Suddenly, my friend jumped on my stomach.
She started bouncing up and down on me, squeezing me with the sides of her
legs.”
Amanda laughed. She gave Sam’s crotch a playful squeeze.
“Ouch!” Sam exclaimed.
“Oh, sorry. Still sore, but nice and hard for me. Please, continue.”
“She was pretending I was a horse, her car, a circus ride – that sort of thing. I
was loving every second of it. She announced I was her prisoner! She threatened
to keep me like that all day. I begged and begged her to let me out, and she
finally relented. When I unrolled, she noticed the bulge in my shorts. She asked
what it was. I explained it was called an erection, and that sometimes men got
them. She was thrilled! She asked if she could see it. Like the obliging little
gentleman I was, I dropped my shorts. She was amazed. She pranced around me,
looking at every angle, as if my bobbing penis was a new and wonderful toy.
Finally said she could see it better if I took all my clothes off. I stripped. She led
me to the couch. The strangest feeling was coming over me. This was not the
first time I had been aroused, but I sure felt different. She asked me what the
erection felt like. ‘I don’t know,’ I responded. ‘Do you want to touch it?’ I
asked. ‘Yes,’ she shouted. Well, the moment she placed her hand on my little
hard-on, in walked her mother!”
“Oh, shit!” Amanda exclaimed.
“Yeah; she was screaming bloody murder. I was crying as I got dressed. Her
mother would not shut up. She was slapping her girl’s arm. I wanted to make her
stop, but did not know what to do. Her mother forbade me from ever coming
back to the house, or ever seeing her daughter again. As I walked off the front
porch and across their yard, I turned to look back. I saw my little friend watching
me from her bedroom window. I imagined she was grounded for life. Her face
was red. She was crying. Her hand came up and she slowly waved goodbye. A
few years later, my family moved away. I never saw her again.”
“Oh, Sam.” Amanda slid closer to him. “That is so sad.” She stared out the
window for a few moments before continuing. “But total body enclosure, female
domination, humiliation, all at such an early age!” She burst into laughter.
“So, what about you?” Sam asked.
“I can’t claim that early a beginning,” she said. “I had my first impulses early
in high school. When looking at fashion magazines, I started fantasizing about
tying up the models, both the men and the women. But I didn’t act out any of it
till I got a bit older.”

till I got a bit older.”
“Ha!” Sam laughed. “You were a late bloomer.”
“Yes,” she agreed. “I liked to wrestle with my boyfriends. I would strike up a
bargain with them: if I was pinned, he could mess around with me. If I won, I
got to do whatever I wanted. Unfortunately, the guys always won. Later, I came
up with the idea of using ropes. Then, they could have their way if they escaped
in five minutes. If they couldn’t escape, well, they would have to promise to do
whatever I wanted. At that stage, I was not very good at knot tying.”
“I wish I’d gone to your high school!” Sam interrupted.
“Anyway,” Amanda continued, “I kept my part of the bargain, although I
never dated any of them for very long. But one day, I tied up a classmate who
could not escape! I made him stay tied up for hours. I kissed and bit him. I
pinched and sucked his nipples. I even pulled his pants down, and played with
his hard cock. I squeezed his nuts until he almost cried. I sat over him, my crotch
only inches from his face. I made him beg to get a taste of me. I threatened to tell
his friends what I had done, if he did not consent to be my slave. He pleaded and
pleaded, but finally agreed. He promised he would do anything I wanted. It was
so fantastic, I finally took pity on him. But, as I went to untie his wrists, I
discovered the knots were loose.”
“You mean he could have escaped, any time?”
Amanda nodded. “God, that drove me wild! This guy wanted to be my
prisoner! I had an incredible orgasm right on the spot. I realized that I had to be
in charge. This was what I needed. Finally, I could do what I wanted, take my
time if I needed. My desires came first! And all it took was a piece of rope. I had
found my first true boyfriend.”
Sam finished his drink. “Amanda, that is such a nice story.” He shifted in his
seat again.
Amanda was digging for something in her pocket book. She pulled out a small
gift-wrapped box. She handed it to Sam.
“Wow, for me?” he asked.
Amanda nodded, smiling sweetly.
Sam eagerly unwrapped his gift. The box contained a brass metal collar. It
opened with hinges at the back, and in the front, loops for a padlock. The inside
was padded with soft fleece. Embroidered on one side, in delicate script, it read:
SLAVE SAM – Property of MISTRESS AMANDA.
“Try it on!” Amanda said, smiling broadly.
It was just snug enough for Sam to squeeze two of his fingers under. Amanda
produced a little gold padlock. She locked the collar shut on Sam’s neck.
“It fits! It fits!” Amanda exclaimed. She took a triumphant sip of her drink.
But Sam’s expression grew concerned. “This is beautiful. But do I have to

But Sam’s expression grew concerned. “This is beautiful. But do I have to
wear it all the time? I’ll have a tough time explaining this to the people I work
with.”
“If I wanted it on you all the time, you would wear it!” She was staring hard
into his eyes. “However, no. But I wish you to wear it at all times in my
presence. Whatever we do, wherever we go. You can wear a turtleneck or a
high-collared shirt, if you wish, while we are in public.”
“Thank you, mistress,” Sam answered. Amanda hooked her finger around the
gift and pulled him close. Her mouth met his. Sam parted his lips, welcoming
Amanda’s probing tongue. Sam savored her saliva and the attention of her
mouth. He wondered if Amanda could taste the hot sauce and his semen.
“Amanda?” Sam asked.
“Yes?”
“So, I guess you enjoyed dinner?”
The hotel we checked into was the most upscale business-class piece of work I
had ever seen. It had spacious conference rooms, mini-theaters, even a four-star
restaurant.
I had just graduated from detective school. I had passed all my written tests,
and completed my courses. In a few weeks, I would be getting my license. As a
reward, Amanda was treating me to this little vacation. During my training at the
agency, I had access to national police records; many databases were open to
me. One thing we were warned against was digging through the pasts of
acquaintances. Who could risk the lure of finding the dirty little secrets of a coworker or friend? I resisted the temptation of doing a background check on
Amanda. The fact she always was surprising me was intriguing. But I had
promised to work on David’s case, so there was no way of avoiding some
confidential information on Amanda.
Our room was fantastic. A state-of-the-art entertainment center, equipped with
multiple format video machines, and a powerful stereo system. The bathroom
was huge. It even included a shower and a whirlpool bath. The furnishings were
New England style; Amanda had specifically asked for this room. Now I
understood why: the bed was a well-crafted cherry wood four-poster. Was
Amanda going to tie me to these posts tonight?
Amanda started unpacking her suitcase, producing a brown paper bag. She set
it on the desk. Next, she had a round silver serving tray in her hands. She placed
it next to the bag. Then, with one quick motion, she slipped her finger beneath
the top of her boot and retrieved a switchblade. She popped its release. The blade
glinted in the light. We had been seeing each other for close to a year, yet she
still managed to surprise me. I suppose that, in her line of work, she might need
that weapon.

that weapon.
“Be a good boy. Make us up a nice platter.” She handed me the open
switchblade, grabbed a few things from her suitcase, and pranced off to the
bathroom. “I’m taking a shower.”
The bag contained a light feast: apples, pears, and kiwis, along with a tin of
smoked oysters – she loved oysters. A box of gourmet crackers completed the
package.
I carefully peeled and sliced the kiwis, then started cutting up the apples and
pears. I spread the fruit sections in semicircular fashion along one edge of the
tray. Next, I sliced the hard, smoked cheese. I just unwrapped the Brie. I placed
the cheeses just off center. I opened the tin of oysters, carefully plucking each
one free from its bed of oil, letting it drain, and setting them in a little pile next
to the cheese. I broke open the pack of crackers, depositing them in a continuous
arch with the fruit, forming a completed circle. I wiped my hands, then gently
spun the tray around, admiring it.
Amanda’s suitcase was sitting open on the bed. I could not resist peeking at
what playthings she had taken along. I found a pair of sneakers, an extra pair of
high-heeled shoes, her little black dress, a T-shirt, some toiletries, and plain
pantyhose. But these were just items any woman would bring for an overnight
stay. Where was the stuff from her dungeon? She never left home without her
favorite cat o’nine tails. My exploring fingers found a long metal chain, more the
gauge of jewelry than anything confining. Romantic getaways were not her
style, unless . . .
“Found what you’re looking for?” Amanda was glaring at me from the
bathroom doorway. She was wearing a blue silk robe, and holding her bra and
panties.
“You were sniffing for my panties, you little pervert! Well, here!”
She threw the items at my feet. I retrieved them from the floor. It crossed my
mind to commit the crime she suspected, to cup them in my hands and inhale her
scent. But she was still glaring, so I gently set them on the bed. She went over to
the tray of food.
“Oh, that looks scrumptious,” she complimented. “Now, time for your
shower.”
“I was going to unpack . . .”
Her expression grew angry again. “Shower, now!”
I stripped, discarding my clothes in a drawer.
The floral scent of Amanda filled the bathroom. The walls were dark green
marble, streaked with yellow mineral. The bathtub was glossy black; it could
easily hold four people. Recessed lights reflected on the mirrored walls. A
simple shower stall sat in one corner. I showered, making sure to scrub every

simple shower stall sat in one corner. I showered, making sure to scrub every
inch of my body three times over. After drying off, I wrapped a towel around my
waist and headed back into the main room. Her nightgown was draped over a
chair.
She was sitting cross-legged on the bed, the blanket pulled up around her. A
towel was wrapped turban-like around her head. Her hands rested on her covered
kneecaps, her strong arms framing her pert breasts. I knew that underneath those
blankets she was naked. No corsets, bra, boots, or garters. I had seen every
intimate recess of her body, but always isolated or presented to me as a reward
for suffering some special humiliation or ordeal. Like the time she butt-fucked
me with a strap-on. I came without her permission, but she was not angry.
Instead, she offered me both her nipples to suck. And the times she demanded to
be slowly kissed all over – every inch of her semi-clothed body. It was bodyworship, not kissing. So her body held few mysteries. But now the promise of
her total nakedness was overpowering. I was in a trance.
“Hey.” Amanda was pointing at my waist. “You should be naked!”
I felt paralyzed.
“Have you suddenly gone deaf?” she asked. Then she shouted, “Lose the
fucking towel!”
I snatched off the offending article, tossing it blindly across the room. I
noticed that the fine chain was wrapped around my suitcase, looped several
times through the handle. A small lock secured it. Even my collar was locked
away. My half-hard penis started to fully rise.
“You will be kept naked – the way you belong – till I decide otherwise.”
We were supposed to be leaving by noon tomorrow. Checkout was sure to be
a humiliating experience!
She pulled the covers slightly higher. “Now,” she ordered, “serve me.”
I set the tray beside her. She pulled the towel from her hair. Her thick black
locks fell across her shoulders.
“My hair is still damp. Be a dear and dry it for me.”
I ran handful after handful of her hair through my fingers, softly rubbing it dry
on the towel. She selected a slice of apple and cheese, and put them on a cracker.
She cupped her hand under her chin, catching crumbs as she ate. Next, she
speared an oyster with the switchblade. She kept eating as I worked carefully.
After about ten minutes, her hair was suitably dry. She was staring up at me. I let
the final handful of hair fall free.
“Oh, I’m being rude. This celebration is for you!” She brought her flattened
palm up to my face. Obediently I leaned forward, my lips meeting her soft, moist
palm. I picked the crumbs away with my lips, cleaning her carefully. I had to use
my tongue to get the bits lodged between her fingers. My tongue discovered a

my tongue to get the bits lodged between her fingers. My tongue discovered a
droplet of oyster oil, its pungent aroma filling my mouth.
“Mm,” she moaned. “Such a nice mouth, but I think you should save it for
later.”
She withdrew her hand and continued eating. I remained standing next to her,
my penis sticking out like an unwanted chaperone. She activated the remote for
the media station and started surfing stations.
“Go ahead,” she said, sliding the tray toward me, “have some.” I picked up the
tray and sat on the floor.
“Nice gesture, Sam,” she said giggling, “but I want you up here, tonight.” She
patted her hand on the covers next to her.
I moved so fast, I nearly spilled the food. I sat beside her, cross-legged like
her. I ate while she continued through the TV stations. The “pay-for” shit only
had the usual dose of Hollywood’s pabulum. Even the porno selections were
boring.
She stopped at one of the classic movie channels. An old black-and-white
movie was playing. I did not recognize it. As I ate, we watched the story unfold.
A small plane crash-landed in the deep Amazon jungle of South America. The
crew and passengers had to fend for themselves, repairing their plane, even
cutting a runway through the tangled vegetation. One man was a professorial
sort; he knew about the wildlife and the cannibalistic nature of the locals.
Another actor portrayed a member of the mob who was caring for the child of an
underworld boss. Among the passengers was a political prisoner who turned out
to be helpful and kind. The officer who was supposed to guard the prisoner, on
the other hand, turned out to be a creep.
“Basil Rathbone!” Amanda pronounced.
“I don’t think so. That’s John Carradine.”
“Oh, I’ve never heard of him.”
“He was a character actor, usually playing a villain or mad scientist or
something. He was in hundreds of films.”
I finished eating. I set the tray on the nightstand. Amanda turned off the light,
then lowered the volume on the TV. I started to get under the covers with her,
but her hand came up to stop me.
“Who said anything about that? Stay on top.”
I sat back, resting my head on the pillow. In the ghostly light of the TV, I
could see she had her eyes trained on me. What was she dreaming up?
“Slide down a bit,” she requested. “Make yourself spread-eagled, please.” Her
words were soft. The dominatrix tone was gone from her voice. She crawled
from under the covers and whispered in my ear.
“You must keep your hands down,” she instructed, “and don’t move. I trained

“You must keep your hands down,” she instructed, “and don’t move. I trained
you well enough now to no longer need restraints.” It sent a shiver down my
spine whenever she used the word “trained” on me. She sat on her haunches, in
the sixty-nine position, above me. Her crotch rose directly above my face.
Like some over-eager fool, I eagerly reached for her waist.
“No!” That sharp edge was back in her voice. But she added softly, “Arms
down, please.”
Her pubic hair was closely cropped. The mound of her outer lips was slick and
nearly bare. Her delicate inner lips beckoned like a tempting flower for a nectarhungry animal. But she held herself above me, out of reach. I impulsively gave
the inside of her thigh a prolonged kiss. I parted my lips, allowing my tongue to
glide over her skin. I turned my head to face her other thigh, giving it the same
affection. I lingered there, spreading a dozen gentle kisses, gliding my mouth
over her, never taking my lips away, always finishing with the touch of my
tongue.
It startled me when her fingers brushed my cock. She began at the base, gently
moving her hand upward. I felt the soft tips of her fingers feeling the head. She
slid around it, then ran her fingers back to the base. She spread her hand over my
scrotum, caressing my testicles. Then she returned to the base. It felt as if she
was exploring me. Then she took her hand away.
I resumed kissing, alternately running my tongue on her skin. I kissed behind
her knee. She loved to have that area touched, but she was ticklish there, so I had
to go slowly. I gently kissed as before, letting my tongue part my lips to meet her
skin. She swayed above me. I craned my neck, rising as high as I could bend, but
her wonderful treasure was just out of reach.
The slightest hint of her marvelous aroma greeted my senses. Warmth spread
through me, then desire took its place. I reached up, stretching my tongue. If
only I had the spear tongue of an African chameleon, I would implant my sticky
lingus deep within her. I was able to reach halfway up her thigh, so I satisfied
myself by nestling my mouth there. Then, as if by some miracle, her sex just
brushed my face. She had lowered herself for the briefest second. But now the
treasure was gone. Was she measuring my reach? Her crotch was now a
centimeter or two beyond me. It might as well have been a mile. I dropped my
head in frustration.
Almost imperceptibly, she was tickling the stubby hair at the base of my cock.
She kept this up for a time. My senses focused on my crotch, nearly making me
forget the goal above me. She next ran her nails over the head of my penis, then
again along the shaft. She clamped her fingers around the base, giving me a firm
squeeze.
For a moment, her hips floated higher, and she released my penis. But she was

For a moment, her hips floated higher, and she released my penis. But she was
only shifting, lowering herself onto me, placing her hips across my chest – but
still out of reach. She settled on my side, lying half on my body. A pillow was
placed between my knee and her head. One leg remained draped close to my
head. The other lay across my chest. She was just getting comfortable. My
ordeal was going to be a long one. I moaned.
As if to silence my plea, her foot came up to my face. I kissed along the sole,
letting my mouth savor her skin. I slowly took her big toe in my mouth. I
cocooned it with my prehensile tongue. I started on her other toes, tasting,
sucking, licking. She playfully plucked at my pubic hair, grabbing a few in her
fingers, then pulling just hard enough to make me suspect she would yank some
out. This had no effect on my worship of her foot; I just moved along the
outstep, until I got to her ankle. She replied by moving her leg to make my reach
more comfortable. A shiver coursed through her as I licked her ankle. Had I
found a new ticklish area? I was delighted! I did not want to overextend my
welcome, so I started to kiss up her leg. A mild saltiness was on her skin. Was
she sweating?
She shifted, her foot retreating. More of her weight bore down. This must be
how a pinned insect feels. Her hands again were at the base of my cock. Fingers
ran up the length; I felt a globule of pre-come ooze free. She repeated the lazy
milking of my penis. Another run of pre-come trickled down the shaft.
Now I shivered, a mini-orgasm coursing through my body. I got these
sometimes, when very excited. Her hips came down slightly. My prize was in
reach! Just as I got my tongue on her lips, she pulled away. I moaned again. She
giggled. Again she lowered, giving my tongue its next opportunity. I received
the briefest touch, then she retreated. I was in agony, and she knew it.
Her hands cupped my scrotum again. She gave me the lightest squeeze,
dancing me on the edge of pain. Her grip relaxed, and then she allowed me the
briefest facial contact. My tongue led my lips to her. Her clitoris was swollen
free of its hood – I cradled it on my tongue. She pulled back. My desperation
found release in her thighs once more.
“Oh!” I yelled, as her cruel teeth caught the head of my penis.
She let up; I felt the hot moisture of her breath. She was going down on me,
but keeping her mouth open wide, only granting me the barest touch of her
interior. I tingled at even the slightest attention. I bucked slightly, trying to
acquire firmer contact with her blessed mouth. I touched the back of her throat.
She bore down on the base, anchoring me in place. She raised and lowered her
head in a mock blowjob. Her hair danced about the inside of my thighs. She was
determined and graceful. It would be an eternity before I came. Another miniorgasm shot through me. I started moaning. She took her mouth away.

orgasm shot through me. I started moaning. She took her mouth away.
“Yeah, I love it when you moan.”
Suddenly her hips withdrew. I lost control. My arms shot up. I was desperate
and grabbed her around the waist.
“No,” I begged. “Please don’t stop.”
She answered by grabbing my cock painfully, twisting and pulling like she
was harvesting some root vegetable. The pain was too much.
“Ouch!” I called out. “Please!”
“Do that again,” she explained, “and you will never get a taste of me!”
My arms were slow to do my bidding. I was hyperventilating, losing control. I
took deep breaths. Knowing she was aware of my frustration added to my
ordeal. She was relishing every second. She returned to her original position, her
crotch dancing above me.
She started rhythmically dipping her hips. I craned my neck upward, tongue
extended. For a second, I managed her outer lips. On the next leap, I again felt
her swollen clitoris. The smell and the taste of her slippery wetness added to my
fever. Her body grew tense for a few seconds. A shudder coursed through her,
her movements transmitting into my trapped body.
Suddenly she smashed hard against me. Her vulva was pressed flush against
my mouth. I sucked at her like a starving leech, feeding and growing by
siphoning her juices. Another shudder moved her body. She drifted out of range
again. Her gentlest motion was magnified. Our sweat became uniting glue. I
wished to remain fixed to her forever, as if I were an ectoparasite. I wanted to be
there always, till I extended umbilical blood ducts through my mouth into her. I
would grow from her nourishment. Amanda would unwind the coils of my DNA
and unzip the double-helix. I needed to fuse with her, to become a triploid entity
that had never existed.
She started on my penis again. I was mindless to what she was doing,
surrendering freely to her torment. But now I wished desperately to come. The
teasing point of no return kept just out of reach, shifting, moving. Moving
against her was futile. My jailer knew all my motivations. She had had ample
prisoners before me, so she could easily anticipate any move. I struggled to
intensify stimulation, nudging the sponge of smooth muscle tissue deep inside
me toward the inevitable barrage of contraction. She adapted, reducing friction,
evolving to prevent my deserved ascent. My hips thrust on their own, as if some
vestigial ganglion in my spine had swollen to become a prehistoric brain. What
was I enduring? This was so much more than everything.
To test me, she dug her nails into the flesh of my cock. I was trapped in a cage
of her fingers. But my thrusting was reflexive. Her nails dragged over my skin,
her fingers becoming a toothy trap, insisting I suffer more. Pre-come was

her fingers becoming a toothy trap, insisting I suffer more. Pre-come was
defeating her, making me slippery, helping her nails to glide over my skin. A
spark lit the darkness in me, spreading electrically, crossing the gaps of my
nerves. I was suspended in a warm glow for the briefest time. Then it dissipated.
“Please,” I heard myself begging. “I want to taste you.”
“What?”
“Amanda, please, I need to, to taste you.”
“Hm?” she responded.
“I’m begging: please let me have it. I just can’t stand it. Let me have, have . .
.”
“Have what?”
“You!” I shouted. “Let me, let me stick my tongue in you. I must . . .”
She just pumped another stream of pre-come from her plaything.
“Well,” she replied, “begging is good. I love to have you begging. Why did
you hold out so long?”
She answered her question by rubbing herself against my mouth. My tongue
dived in, lapping every fluid-filled pool within her. Her moisture filled my nose;
her glorious taste overwhelmed my senses. She glided slightly away, but not so
far as to deny me my prize.
“Now think carefully,” she said, as she released my penis. “What do you wish
for more? Coming? Or having me sit on your face?”
That was easy.
I frantically grabbed her in a bearhug, not caring of the consequence. I pulled
her to my mouth with all my might. I drilled my tongue deeper than possible,
consuming all of her.
The gift of pleasure washed over my penis. The soft wet flesh of her mouth
closed about me. Her tongue snaked over the head, probing the tip, nosing the
rim.
Her clit was perched between my teeth. I held it carefully, sucking gently. It
had swollen to the size of a tiny penis. I sucked on it, mirroring her movements.
Like an obsessive lover, my orgasm was stalking me. It was going to draw
every thread of life from me, in one joyous blast of soul-wrenching surrender. It
draw nearer; now there was no escaping its hold on me. It was futile to fight.
“Amanda!” I shouted. “Don’t go, don’t leave me!”
But she was still on top of me. Always there, not a million miles lost as my
feeble senses lied.
It broke me in one long stream. I arched my back, lifting Amanda from the
bed. It did not pulse, but burst like a water balloon. The contractions started, the
staccato shaking me, depleting me until I was nothing.
Amanda on top of me. She kept me as my spasms died away. She was always
there, not blasted away into starlight. I was here.

there, not blasted away into starlight. I was here.
My arms fell limp. She rose from my panting body. She repositioned herself,
rising on me. She was squatting directly on me, my head clutched between her
legs.
She was grinding herself, rubbing, sliding. I stuck my tongue out as far as I
could. She rocked against it as if it were a soft worm. Between the pitches of her
hips, I was able to snatch what breath I needed.
She was shouting something unintelligible. She dived forward, her hands
anchoring against my hips. She held me fast, panting, digging her nails into me.
“Ooh.” Her sounds turned deep, vocalizing as if an animal suffering in
unfathomable pain. She pressed down on me, hard.
Suffocation meant nothing to me now. My world was closing in, a new
blackness surrounding me. A glowing ember was before me. Was that Amanda?
I wanted to call to it, to her, but my mouth would not respond.
Suddenly, I felt clear cool air. Amanda had slid off by my side.
“Damn!” she exclaimed.
“Oh, yeah,” was all I could manage.
Amanda sat up, pushing her hair away from her face. She flicked on the light
and turned to me.
“You bastard,” she laughed, “you nearly drowned me!” I saw a heap of come
ringing her mouth. Globs of it were dripping to her breasts. I joined her in
laughter.
“Well, you told me to save myself up for this! It was either that or you
threatened to put that damn chastity belt on me again.” I reached for the
nightstand and grabbed a handful of tissues. I changed my mind and tossed them
over my back. I wiped the smear of semen from her chin with my finger. After I
licked it clean, I bent to her breast. Some made it to her flesh there. Her nipple
was washed with my tongue. I worked my way up the trail of semen to her
mouth. I cupped her chin and slowly lowered her jaw. My tongue explored the
inside of her mouth, tasting me, traces of smoked oyster, and her teeth. Her arms
came up and wrapped themselves around my head. Our lips parted.
“Nice clean-up job,” she commented.
“Amanda,” I said, “that was fantastic.” She smiled, gently pushing me away.
She crawled back beneath the covers.
“Yeah, that was good,” she replied. “Many things are good about you. You
never disappoint.”
“Well, thank you,” I said. “Do you think it’s too late to order champagne?”
“Oh,” she said, picking up the telephone, “that’s just what I had in mind!”
When she hung up the phone, she pointed to the TV.
“Look!”

“Look!”
“Wow,” I said, recognizing the movie instantly. “It’s The Big Sleep, with
Humphrey Bogart.”
“Who?”
“Oh, he’s a famous actor. In this one he plays Philip Marlowe, a character
created by Raymond Chandler. This was the hard-boiled type of mystery
fiction.”
I explained how the original story contained drug addiction, pornography,
homosexuality, and nymphomania, but that had been too much for the
Hollywood censors at the time. Amanda hung on every word.
“That’s what you are?” She snuggled closer and wrapped her arm over my
shoulder. “My little ‘hard-boiled’ lover!”
The only interruption we had was the arrival of the champagne. We drank,
arm in arm, until the movie concluded.
“Amanda,” I asked, “would you like to do it sometime?”
“Penetration, that’s what you mean?” A sullen tone hollowed her voice.
“Yes, mistress. That is what I mean.”
“Well . . .” her voice trailed off. “I suppose so, if you need it.” She eyed me
with cold disregard. Then added, “Sam, if that is what you want . . .”
“Amanda,” I interrupted. “It’s no big deal. But maybe sometime.”
“Fine, I don’t mean to, to –”
“No, please,” I cut in. “If that is uncomfortable for you, I don’t need it.”
“Listen.” She sat more up in bed. “I want it, too. It’s just that I have not had,
uh, that kind of sex in five years.”
Now I was floored. She had been a dominatrix for so long. With all the
sexually-charged scenes she had been in, she had not had intercourse in all that
time?
“Does this have anything to do with David?” I hazarded.
“No, not at all.” She rolled away from me, facing the wall.
“My love.” I placed my hand on her shoulder. “Listen to me. You must
believe that sticking my penis in you is not so important to me. Making you
happy – that is important.”
Her hand joined mine. “Thank you,” was all she said.
Just then, a low-frequency rumbling startled us. I thought we were
experiencing an earthquake. Then I realized what was happening.
I bolted from the bed and threw open the blinds. Gliding above the choking
city was a huge red glowing chevron. It was the Trans-World StratoLiner, its
underbelly heat-shield still crimson-hot from the friction of reentry. In a few
moments it would glide to landing and disgorge its two thousand passengers.
Most were from Japan. In an hour it would be refueled, outfitted with a new

Most were from Japan. In an hour it would be refueled, outfitted with a new
crew, stuffed with more passengers, and blast itself into low earth orbit for New
York. This behemoth circled the earth in ten hours, making stops at the world’s
giant cities.
I felt Amanda at my side.
“That thing is huge,” she commented.
Her fear of penetration still bothered me. I would have my license soon, as
well as needed security codes. Before I investigated David’s death, I had
someone else in mind. Whatever was in her past would not change my feelings
toward Amanda, but I needed to know.
“Yes, Amanda,” I affirmed. “Someday, maybe, we’ll be able to afford a trip
on it.”
Sam believed people claiming friendships with ex-lovers were liars. His
relationships always ended badly. He even considered himself fortunate to have
escaped alive from more than a couple of them. But a brush with death was
nothing compared to the loss of a cherished friend and lover.
What started as a professional relationship – a submissive man seeking the
talents of a professional – grew into friendship. From there they had become
closer, finally falling in love.
This was not what he expected, the first time his penis entered her: the biting,
clawing, and whipping, until her blood flowed. Sam followed Amanda’s orders
without question; the more perverted and imaginative, the happier they both
were. Yet this was a level of experience he never wanted.
First Amanda stripped. Then Sam bound her wrists together, in front, palm to
palm. She knelt before the bed, her hands tied to the posts.
“Your belt,” she requested. “Take it off, and beat me with it.”
Sam slipped the belt from pants. Holding the buckle, he wound it around his
fist, leaving about two and a half feet free. Belts are difficult to control, so he
took a practice swing at the bed. It hit with a loud thud. Amanda’s eyes went
wild at the sound. He took position behind her and let the first swing fly.
“Harder! Use the buckle!” Amanda yelled. “I can’t feel shit!”
He rewrapped the belt, letting the buckle swing free. After a few strokes, welts
covered her backside. Sam worked hard to keep aim, but the belt kept missing its
mark, hitting back, thighs, and lower back.
An icy stillness possessed her, even as the sharp burr of the buckle cut through
her skin.
The art of blood-play was one if Amanda’s specialities. One night she dressed
as a vampire, with Sam her helpless victim. With a sterile scalpel she opened a
slit in Sam’s iodine-cleaned wrist. She guided his flowing blood to a shot glass.

slit in Sam’s iodine-cleaned wrist. She guided his flowing blood to a shot glass.
She painted her lips with his blood. These exclusive ceremonies were always
safe, clean, and sanitized. They were not horrible, painful, or brutal, as this scene
was fast becoming.
Amanda let loose a scream. She hurled insults and gibberish at Sam, but never
their safe-word.
“Harder – harder, you fuck!” Then, “I’ll kill you, kill me! kill me . . .” Her
legs spread wider, she pushed herself closer. She turned her head.
“Fuck me!”
Sam dropped the belt. He pulled off his pants. Amazingly, he was hard! He
reached for her hips and pulled her close. He impaled her fiercely, entering her;
his strokes merged with the struggles of her body.
Sam could not concentrate. He had done the background check on her, and he
now cursed himself for that. Amanda’s rape had happened shortly after David
died. He saw police reports, pictures of the crime scene, the lab tests and lineups,
even the trial. Brutal detail after detail, all displayed in the coldness of his
computer screen, even a mug-shot of the monster. It was a miracle she had
survived. She had endured all of it, alone.
Amanda fell forward, pulling free. She collapsed in a sobbing heap on her
arms.
Sam was transfixed by the sight of her backside. Something was flowing out
from between her legs. It was his come, but he had experienced no orgasm.
“Untie me.”
Sam was obedient, as always, but a violent wave of nausea hit him. A bolus of
vomit caught mid-way up his throat. He bolted from the room, a fan of puke
spraying through the spaces between his fingers. He collapsed over the toilet
bowl, dumping the contents of his stomach. He fell hard to the floor, resting his
back against the cold tiled wall. He rested. His hands shook. He grabbed a
section of toilet paper and cleaned off the mucus edging its way over the side of
the bowl. He stood up. An apparition with a blood-smeared crotch was staring
back from the mirror.
The second he returned to the room, Amanda sprang on him. She went for his
eyes.
“No, Amanda!” He snatched her arms. She nearly overpowered him. She
twisted, sinking her teeth into the flesh of his chest. For a moment, he submitted
to this attack. Her teeth sank too deep. He shouted, pushing her off as her teeth
cut under his nipple. Sam jumped back in panic. Amanda scrambled away,
grabbing a blanket off the bed. She crawled to the corner and covered herself.
I will not leave you, Sam thought, no matter what you do to me – I will not let
you suffer alone. He was her submissive, and he loved her. He was thankful for

you suffer alone. He was her submissive, and he loved her. He was thankful for
his inhumanly high pain threshold, for tonight it would be tested. He took a few
deep breaths to help prepare for whatever pain was coming. Put the pain
somewhere else, he said to himself. He sat next to her. She was sobbing under
the blanket.
“Amanda, please let me help.”
“Go. Get the hell out of here – now!”
He had no protection from that level of pain.
Sam did not call her the next day. A week crept by, but still he kept away.
Finally he broke down and left a message with her service. She did not call back.
One night, he found himself parked in the familiar lot next to the abandoned
cars. It was chilly and well into fall. Even the weed trees, Ailanthus altissima,
the “Tree of Heaven”, had lost leaves of their crown-of-thorns branches. Most
businesses had moved from this building, and closing time had passed for the
remaining ones. But, at the top floor, light was peeking through the shades. It
was her office, the dungeons. It crossed his mind to jump on the elevator, to go
to the twelfth floor, and just walk in. But he successfully fought the impulse.
Back at his apartment, he found a message waiting. An hour later, they were
speaking on the telephone. Amanda’s voice came halting and stilted. They
agreed to meet the next day, at a diner by the university.
Sam found her seated in a back booth. Her coat rested on the seat. She wore a
synthetic black alligator-skin dress, one he had never seen. It was short, clinging
tight to her body, coming up around her neck, leaving her strong arms bare.
Mirrored sunglasses hid any emotion Sam might glean from her eyes. After
uncomfortable pleasantries, they ordered coffee.
“Sam, you don’t really know me,” Amanda started. Sam was speechless as
she began to talk about her rape. She recounted every detail. He wished she
would stop. But he was frozen. When finally through, she asked if they could be
“just friends” for a while.
“So that’s it, Amanda?” Sam said, rising from table. “Crush us like a couple
of bugs!”
“What?” Amanda asked, looking up in surprise.
Sam stood from the table, and stormed from the restaurant.
“Great, another relationship down the tubes,” Amanda taunted herself.
Sam had only taken a few sips of his coffee. She turned the cup around,
running her thumb over the part that had touched his lips. She paid the bill and
left the restaurant.
She hesitated outside the diner, fiddling with her clothes. It was getting cold.
She pulled her coat tightly. From the corner of her eye, she saw Sam. He was

She pulled her coat tightly. From the corner of her eye, she saw Sam. He was
lurking in shadows off the alley. She stopped, keeping her back toward him.
Please, please, say something, Sam, she begged to herself. Just come back and
tell me I’m wrong: call me inhuman, an asshole, a cunt. She shouted this in her
head, as if she were ordering around some buggy software in her EOS.
His footsteps trailed off. He would never see the tears sneaking under her
sunglasses, down her face and bouncing off the exoskeleton of her dress.
Amanda’s walk was now faster; the breeze caused her hair to dance behind.
She hadn’t planned to bring up the rape. Her therapist had claimed she had
gotten over it the best she could. But, somehow, Sam could see through her,
even more than David ever could.
She started speaking aloud to the head wind.
“So, to break up with Sam, I had to stab him with the truth.”
She started up the block for the post office. The movie she had ordered for
him had arrived. It was a film called Five Came Back. It was that B-movie about
the people stranded in the jungle, the one they had watched in the hotel. She
would send it back, keep it, or give it to someone else.
The wind would not let up. She hurried; the cold was catching up to her.
I’m harder, now, she understood. At least it will be easier next time.
Amanda hated being late.
The meeting with the Japanese businessmen had run long. Their offer was
solid, but not solid enough to be set up for life. They were eager to get their
hands on the Darkling hat. She knew their scientists would backward-engineer
the device and, in a few years, the technology would be copied. She believed no
one government should have control of it. David would have approved.
She did not know why she agreed to a session with Sam. But he went on and
on about how good she was and that he could find no one as talented. That was
true. Amanda knew she was the best. It had been months since she had seen him,
and she was curious to see how his investigative career was going. Yet this scene
was going to be strictly business. Sam had one hour, then he was out the door.
But he was nowhere in sight. There were no messages. If he cancelled, it gave
her the night off. Amanda pulled the Darkling hat out of her bag and placed it on
the table.
“Well, if Sam skips out,” she told herself, “I can’t blame him.”
She went to the whipping room, where she kept a change of clothes. The
second she entered the room, something moved behind her.
CRACK.
The left side of her face exploded in a spray of blood. She screamed, covering
her head.

her head.
It was Sam. He had the bullwhip!
She dropped to the floor. The whip again sliced the air.
CRACK.
This time it missed, slicing the air in a supersonic backlash just above her
head.
“No, Sam,” Amanda pleaded. “Please, stop!”
Blood was pouring through her fingers as she covered her eye. She could
barely see. Through the red fog, she could see Sam drop the whip.
“Amanda, I . . .” He bent over, looking as if he was getting sick.
“Why, Sam?” Amanda asked, with inexplicable calm. He answered by
running from the room.
Blasting pain and adrenaline crashed the EOS; it could not call for help.
Amanda fought a wave of dizziness while struggling to her office. She grabbed
the phone. The dispatcher promised an ambulance in three minutes. She slumped
into her beautiful regal chair. Blood ran down her face, leaking through her
hands, dripping on her breasts. She pressed the wound, trying to stop the flow of
blood. Then she thought of the hat. She had to hide it.
The front door was open. Sam was gone – and so was the Darkling hat.
Sam was in darkness. His eyes were open, but he could not see. The ground was
moist, like mud under his fingers. The air was hot and stunk of ammonia. He
was in a deep cavern. He crawled forward, his fingers squishing the gook under
him. He heard a sound in the distance.
A shimmer of bioluminescent fungus delineated the cave in relief. The ceiling
was low. Something was crawling over his skin. The floor was alive with
countless larval insects. The mud pulsed and moved. Things were crawling all
over him.
Fur brushed his face. Something flew by. He heard a squeak. The cave was
filled with bats. He was crawling through guano.
Feeling along in the darkness, his hand touched something hard. His darkadapting eyes revealed its identity. It was a body: a person, a man. To Sam’s
horror, he found that the stomach and genitals had been eaten away, as if chewed
out by some raging carnivore.
He found another dead man in the same state of partial consumption. Then
another. Now he heard voices.
Was that Amanda?
He came to a tight passageway just big enough to squeeze through. Sam went
through head-first. It turned downward. He wound up in a larger part of the
cavern. This chamber was filled with the dead bodies. They were stacked all

cavern. This chamber was filled with the dead bodies. They were stacked all
around. The air was oppressive with the smell of rotting flesh. In the gloom,
something was moving.
It was a huge beast, quadrupedal and hairless. It was the size of a small cow. It
made made chomping sounds. Surrounding it were more bodies. Sam turned,
trying to crawl back through the aperture. But the slippery earth had him
trapped.
The thing heard him. It spun around. It had the head of a human! Blood was
caked on its lips. Strips of flesh hung from its mouth. It had long hair. It lurched
toward him, close enough now for Sam to get a good look at its face.
It was his mother.
Sam screamed so hard, he tasted blood. The thing charged. He desperately
scrambled up the cave wall, slipping and cutting his fingers. He plied the sides
for handholds, but got nothing. It was behind him now. He felt himself sliding
toward it. Hot breath enveloped his heels.
A small hand reached through the darkness in front of him. Sam grabbed for
it. Whoever it was supported him, helping him upward.
“Come on, silly!” It was a little girl’s voice. Sam noticed his own hand: it was
child-size, like the one he was holding. He kept moving upward, leaving the
snarling beast below.
“What are you, a sissy?” teased his companion.
“Stop calling me that, tomboy!” His own voice now rang high-pitched. He
struggled back through the opening, and got to his feet.
“Well, then, come on!” his little friend added, running just out of sight.
Sam was standing before a black room. Two people were there. One was a
woman, dressed very strangely. The other was a man with no clothes on. He was
bent over some funny piece of furniture.
“You-are-a-slow-poke,” the little girl added in singsong.
“I am not!”
Sam kept moving. Now he saw two people eating dinner. They were having
fun. He could not look for long; his friend kept slipping ahead.
Next he saw two people together in bed. They had no clothes on. The woman
was on top of the man. What were they doing? The woman’s hand was in the
man’s lap. She was holding something.
“Ha!” the little girl interrupted. “Thanks to you, I know what that is. It’s an
erection!”
Now a man appeared before Sam. He had an awful whip in his hands. He
looked angry.
“Hey, come here and look at this!” The little girl was at a door. Sam went to
her side.

her side.
“Sam Bigglesworth,” the girl read, pointing to the glass, “Detective Agency.”
The girl tugged at Sam’s hand.
“I’ve got to go, now,” she said, adding, “I enjoyed playing with you again.”
“Me, too,” Sam replied. “Maybe we can play . . .” But she vanished into the
darkness.
Sam turned the doorknob.
A man was sitting at a desk, a stack of cardboard boxes beside him. Before the
man sat two other men, dressed in suits. One was big, the other smaller. The big
fellow had on a pair of strange-looking glasses.
“Excuse the appearance of my office, gentlemen,” said the man behind the
desk. “I am moving downtown, next week . . .”
“That should present no inconvenience,” assured the smaller man.
“So, uh,” the man behind the desk checked a notebook. “Mr Pierce, you want
me to find some lady? I hope you at least have a picture of her.”
The big man pulled a magazine from his jacket and slid it across the desk.
“That’s her,” replied the short man, “on the back cover.”
The man behind the desk cocked an eyebrow. He circled the ad with a felt-tip
pen. “What is she? Some sort of prostitute?”
“Not exactly. This woman is in possession of top secret computer hardware,”
explained the short man. “She is trying to smuggle it out of the country.”
“Oh,” the man behind the desk interrupted, “so you guys work for the Feds.
Great, then I can charge double!” He started laughing.
The two others did not join in.
Just then, the men in suits vanished in a puff of glowing blue light. But the
man behind the desk remained. His eyes were locked on Sam.
“What the hell are you doing here?”
“Me?” Sam’s voice was deeper now. “I should ask you that!”
The man reached into his desk. He pulled out the Darkling hat.
“You know,” he said, “I thought I had erased you from my life, you disgusting
pervert.”
“Oh, yeah?” Sam said, stepping forward. “That is not so easy. And fuck you!”
Sam dived over the desk. His hands locked on the man’s throat.
Everything in Sam’s mind exploded.
This was not the first time I had woken in a puddle of my own piss. But now
semen was mixed in. I raised my head; I was still chained up in the closet. I was
looking into the barrel of a gun. It was mine. Pressing the trigger was Amanda.
“No,” I found myself saying. “I did not know who they were. They, they –”
My eyes were fixed on Amanda’s scar. It now stood out like a curse.

My eyes were fixed on Amanda’s scar. It now stood out like a curse.
“Oh, God,” I found myself saying, “I did this to you, blaming you, blaming all
women. But how could I ever hurt you? What, what –”
“Start making sense.” Amanda stepped forward. “This is not virtual-reality
gaming! I could not see everything you just went through. However, I caught
enough to know it was you who led those agents here.”
“Yes,” I said, feeling calmer. “They hired me to find you. But it was not a setup. It was just a coincidence. You said I was the new Sherlock Holmes. I can
find anybody! You and David kept your relationship hush-hush, and the
anonymity of your business made you almost a non-person. You would have
been history long ago, had it not been for that. But they knew the Darkling hat
was somewhere and, somehow, information on you must have surfaced. The two
goons came to me, came to me, with an ad,” I broke off in laughter. “I had lost
myself, Amanda. Finally I was all gone.” I lowered my head. Everything was
making sense, but I did not want these revelations.
“Why, Sam?” Amanda persisted, pointing to her maimed face.
“It’s not you!” I shouted. “It was my parents. They separated when I was a
child. It was messy. Difficult. My dad was a good guy, but my mom was spiteful
and vindictive. She had a better lawyer and I wound up in her custody. But it
was the men, all the men . . .”
“Neglect? Is that what this is about?” Amanda’s voice cut with a dismissive
tone.
“This is my nightmare,” I calmly explained. “If you’re going to kill me, at
least let me spit it out.” I owed her this. I took a deep breath.
“Neglect, yeah. That is part of it. Promiscuous would be too polite a word for
my mother. I was always being dropped off at some baby-sitter’s or getting
pawned off on neighbors for the night. At best, I was put to bed early. But I
could hear them downstairs – from my bedroom, my mom and one of her many
friends. I knew she didn’t care about me, did not . . .”
“Sam, it’s all right,”
“All right? All right to hate women? All of you, especially ones I love? You
are my fucked-up mother! Why do you think I paid you to hurt me? And, in
time, I knew you would abandon me. You always are abandoning me, betraying
me.” Sobs started blocking my words.
“I was the catalyst, the focus of your crisis.” Amanda acted as if she was
talking to herself. “I pushed you too fast. The combination of physical and
emotional pain, causing you to snap.” Amanda was lowering the gun.
“Why should you care?” I mumbled. “I had a choice. I chose to leave you a
bloody mess.” I gave my restraints a tug and threw my head back. “Shoot! Get
this over with.”
Then I felt her closeness. She was standing next to me in the puddle of my

Then I felt her closeness. She was standing next to me in the puddle of my
juices. She grabbed the back of my head and pulled me forward.
“Look at me,” she said firmly.
I couldn’t believe what I saw in her face: compassion.
“You think you deserve to die –” she ran her finger down the scar “ – for this?
A hospital visit and two rounds with a plastic surgeon? Then a few months with
a physical therapist and a little acupuncture – I have some nerve damage now;
and sometimes it twitches.” The side of my face came to rest on her leg. “It
would be great,” she continued, “if all wounds were so easily healed. Damn, that
fucker Freud must be spinning in his grave; you hate me because I remind you of
mommy!” She gave me a sharp look. “Who are you?”
“Huh?”
“Are you the smart-mouthed sexist detective or the sensitive, intelligent guy I
knew?”
The weirdest feeling came over me.
“Both!” I blurted. “We are both here.”
Amanda started unlatching my arms.
“I loved that guy, that man who first came to see me.” She helped me to my
feet.
God, I stank to high heaven.
“Amanda,” I said softly, “he – I mean, we – still love you. The detective is
having a hard time with this erotic lifestyle, but for the moment he is under
control.”
“Sam, we’ve got to get out of here. I mean, those agents . . .”
“Shut up, sweetie!” I heard myself saying. “If we are going to get out of here
alive, we’d better start making with the feet – now!”
We were skipping the country.
I had to hand it to the broad: she moved like lightning. The only things she
took from her dungeon were her favorite cat o’nine whip and that damn spider.
She scooped it up in an empty yogurt container. Now I had the creepy-crawly in
my side pocket; she said it had to be kept warm. Shit, I must really love this
bitch. Boy, the customs agents were sure in for a big surprise if they searched
me!
We had to stop off at the house she rented. Amanda needed a few things,
namely that computer of hers. That thing has some range! It had been networked
into the plumbing of Amanda’s brain for years. Seems she could just not stand to
be without it. And any woman needs a couple of changes of clothes. I hoped she
had some clothes for me. I stank like hell!
Hong Kong was our destination. I was still owed big-time favors there. I knew

Hong Kong was our destination. I was still owed big-time favors there. I knew
one or two business types who just might like a crack at that Darkling hat. For
the right price, that is.
Her home was a little colonial-style deal, way up in the suburbs. It was 3:15
a.m. I had been waiting nearly an hour. She had told me to wait. I always obeyed
her. She was the boss. She would punish me if . . .
What the fuck was I thinking? I would just love to get Amanda bent over a
stool, and shove my hard cock up her ass. That would show her who was boss! I
just, I just . . .
She was taking too long. I turned on the radio, hoping music would calm my
nerves.
“Sam Bigglesworth,” the reporter snapped in, “is wanted as the suspect in
connection with the slaying of the two officers. He was last seen traveling with a
woman and –”
Oh, great! Now I’m pegged as a cop-killer. Every cop on the eastern seaboard
was now fighting for the honor of blowing my brains out. We needed to be at the
dock in two hours. That container ship would not wait, no matter how much I
bribed. Finally, the lights blinked off in the house.
After five minutes, there was still no sign of Amanda.
I got out of the car and went to her door. It was half open.
Suddenly, the hair stood up on the back of my neck. What the hell did that
mean? As if possessing a mind of its own, my hand gracefully reached inside my
jacket, and slipped my gun from its holster.
I pushed the door slowly open and entered Amanda’s darkened house. Her
stuffed backpack was in the hallway. Just as I was about to call out, I stopped
myself. I reached for the light switch, but a little voice went off in my head,
saying, “What, are you crazy?”
My feet guided me out of the hallway and into the living room. The carpet
quieted my steps. I was standing before the fireplace. A blast of memories raced
through me. I could almost see us cuddled there after our late-night dinner in a
quiet restaurant. I crouched down, touching the area where we once lay. I
scanned the room.
“Sam – watch out!”
Someone slugged me – hard. I lost my balance and fell to the floor. My gun
was kicked free and bounced out of reach. Lights blazed on.
That big goon with the visor was standing above me. How could such a big
guy move so fast? That grenade-launching rifle of his was now pointed right at
me. Amanda was on the floor, face down. The goon’s partner – the shorter guy –
was holding her. He kept her arm pinned behind her, and his knee pressed into
the small of her back. He had a pistol, too.

the small of her back. He had a pistol, too.
“Well,” he announced, “you finally join us.”
I had my eye on the big guy. Although his face was partly covered by those
spaced-out goggles, I was a quick study. Something was puzzling him. His rifle
kept swinging, as if he could not get a fix on me.
“So, Mr Bigglesworth,” the little guy said softly. “You had us fooled for a
while. But you know what we are after.”
“No, Sam!” Amanda cut in, then, “Ouch!”
The goon twisted her arm.
“You see, Mr Bigglesworth,” he explained, “the mind of your charming friend
was easy for my partner to scan. And, I might add, what a naughty mind it is!”
“Cut to the chase, Mr Pierce,” I interrupted. I slowly got to my feet.
The big goon grunted.
“Her mind told us you have the hat,” he continued. “But scanning you is
problematic, it seems. My partner thought two people were waiting in the car.”
“OK,” I said, “you got us. If I give you the hat, you’ll let us go?”
“Sam,” Amanda cut in, “don’t. They’ll kill us.”
“Shut up, Amanda. What else can we do?” I reached in my pocket and
wrapped my hands around the container.
“As I was saying,” the man with Amanda continued, “you are a bit of an
enigma. Interesting phenomenon, isn’t it?”
“Here!” I snapped the lid of the container open. “Catch!”
The wiggling spider sailed through the air, landing smack on the big goon’s
face.
I dived to the floor, expecting gun shots.
“Ahhh – you bitch,” shouted the little guy. Protruding from his knee was
Amanda’s switchblade, buried to the handle. She spun from under him, knocking
him off balance. He fired a blind round.
The big guy screamed. He dropped the rifle, covering his face with his hands.
The spider was taking care of business, planting both fangs into his nose. I dived
for my gun.
I was luckier with my shot. It hit the little guy. A voice went off in my head:
“Share the wealth,” it said.
My next bullet struck the big, bellowing guy. He hit the wall.
I spun, taking aim at shortie. The splat of blood and bits of brain painting the
wall indicated another shot was unnecessary. But the big guy still made noise.
He rolled over onto his back.
I flinched as two more rounds shot off. It was Amanda! She had shortie’s gun.
She emptied the clip into the big guy.
“That’s for David, you bastard!” she affirmed, dropping the gun.

“That’s for David, you bastard!” she affirmed, dropping the gun.
“Damn, Amanda!” I said, as she pulled the knife out of the little guy’s leg.
She folded it and returned it to its home in her boot. “We make a good team.”
She threw her arms around me and squeezed me tight. Tears were on her face.
She kissed me on the cheek.
“Ouch,” I complained. She managed to kiss my throbbing cheekbone, right
where I had been punched. “That hurt, but not in a good way.”
I went to the one who had held Amanda. His pocket revealed a wallet full of
ID and cards. Now we would have a better idea who we were dealing with.
Amanda stood above the bigger guy. She pulled the goggles from his face.
“Come on, Amanda,” I said, grabbing her backpack and rushing for the door.
“We have to fly.”
“Sam.” She turned to me, a look of horror on her face. “You have to see this!”
I went to her side and stared into the face of the big dead goon. It was the
most hideous thing I had ever seen.
It was his eyes! They were huge, like the unfeeling eyes of some nocturnal
reptile. His eyelids were small, vestigial, useless. His pupils were fixed wide, the
sclera parched and dry, ruffled like dried skin. The skin around his eyes,
protected by the visor, was pale with a sickly translucence.
Next to this apparition was Naggie, Amanda’s poor spider. Its legs were
folded under its body. The big goon had crushed it dead.
I gave Amanda the car keys and told her to meet me at the front of the house. I
ran to the kitchen and unplugged the electrical power to the self-starting gas
oven. I turned up all the jets and grabbed the grenade rifle.
I was already standing in the road when she pulled up. I motioned for her to
roll the window down.
“Bid sayonara to your old life, Amanda.”
“I already did,” I heard her say from the darkened car.
The grenade took off like a rocket, passing clear through the open front door.
Amanda’s house exploded in a brain-shaped cloud of red flame.
Amanda finally fell asleep, but she was restless. She had suggested cunnilingus
might help her relax. We were sweaty from our long trip. We were too exhausted
to even shower. I did not hesitate to suckle between her legs. She tasted
fantastic!
Here we were, in the same hotel room we had rented for my celebration when
I had gotten my license. Sure, it was risky. But what a great place to spend the
last hours in the States. I was exhausted myself, but could not sleep. I rubbed my
lips and Amanda’s aroma revived me.
The stolen visor rested on the table. The Darkling hat was squirreled away in

The stolen visor rested on the table. The Darkling hat was squirreled away in
Amanda’s suitcase. Her little computer would easily pass as business accessory,
so Customs would be a piece of cake. And Sam the private dick knew whose
palms to grease if we ran into any trouble. I could hardly wait for the bidding
war between the Hong Kong triad and the Japanese. Our goal was enough hard
cash to do anything, to go anywhere. And those Asiatic business types were sure
kinky: their company benefits plans even budgeted for sex! Amanda could set up
the best fetish palace in history. With that spooky visor and her computer, I
would be the best private eye that ever hit the Pacific Rim. Nobody on the planet
could put the drop on us.
But what about other planets? What was that thing we killed back at
Amanda’s pad? Was he once human, or something else entirely? Was it possible
the visor did this?
Amanda kept tossing. I quietly rose from the chair and picked up the
mysterious visor. I just had to take a peek through this thing. I stepped toward
the balcony and parted the sliding doors. A blast of humid, polluted air bathed
my naked body. I put the visor to my eyes.
For a few seconds, everything was black. Then, one by one, stars began to
appear. They were all around me. I realized they were minds. I could see them
walking the streets forty-seven stories below. Brains even glowed through the
tops of cars and through the buildings around me. After a time, the lights of their
minds merged. Each human entity was a lighthouse, casting shadows in a sea of
thick conscience.
It was pulling me. It tugged at my face. I felt the thoughts would support me.
All I had to do was step off the balcony and crowd-surf on the thick chorus of
mentality. A new, powerful sense was growing in me.
A distant rumble broke my thoughts. Gazing upward, I saw the outline of the
StratoLiner. Its now transparent fuselage trapped a swarm of mental fireflies: I
had access to the minds of the passengers. They were dissected before my
scrutiny. In a few hours, one of these ships would carry us over the horizon,
delivering us across the near-vacuum of low earth orbit to our new lives.
I was getting dizzy. I stumbled back into our room. My gaze fixed on
Amanda. A huge, shapeless entity was squatting on her. She was being torn up
by a monster. It ripped at her, digging her, stripping her flesh away. It was
splitting her in half. She could not get away. All she could do was toss under the
covers, trapped in an unending nightmare.
I grabbed the suitcase. I dialed “007” into the lock. The case popped open.
The Darkling hat was in my hands.
I went to Amanda’s side. As I took off the visor, the apparition vanished. I
pulled the covers back. She was asleep, her eyelids darting in REM. I placed my
hand on her shoulder. She flinched but did not awake.

hand on her shoulder. She flinched but did not awake.
She might curse me for what I was about to do, but she said this was the
intention of the Darkling hat. I hoped the woman who got up in the morning
would be the same wonderful spirit I so madly loved. She once said our demons
might be the best part of us.
But I was no longer going to allow this demon to chew my lover to death.

SCRATCH
Nikki Dillon

The Devil is a lot of things to me and my four housemates: he’s our boyfriend,
our employer, and our master. For the rest of the world, he’s a fashion
photographer known as Scratch – a middle-aged man with deformed eyes and a
few unusual physical abnormalities, which may or may not be the product of
plastic surgery. His signature appears on the upper right-hand corner of each of
his photos, in lurid red. It’s blood, according to Scratch. He develops only
thirteen prints of every picture and, supposedly, burns the negatives in an occult
ritual involving goats.
We’ve never seen a goat around here, though there was a Doberman chained
up in the basement – with Gregory – for three or four days last February.
Gregory never complains about anything, but the dog whined and barked
incessantly. Scratch gave it away to one of the production assistants.
Most people assume that the Devil thing’s a gimmick. And it works. One of
his early photos sold last week in London, at an auction, for half a million bucks.
As usual, Scratch will give a chunk of that money to controversial theatre
troupes and undiscovered artists. His detractors say he needs the tax break.
Those of us who sleep with him know why he gives away his cash.
Money is what attracts us.
We’re his slaves.
Scratch shoots photos for fashion spreads and slick magazine ads. Designer
suits. Designer handbags. Designer lingerie. Financial success has ruined his
reputation. Last year, before his retrospective at the Whitney, there was an
article in the New York Times about him. It quoted an anonymous curator who
called Scratch “a third-rate photographer turned con-man”.
In any case, I believe Scratch is who he claims to be. I’ve stroked the two
stubby hard lumps on his scalp. Covered by his thinning hair, they’re located
half an inch behind his pointed ears. I’ve had my neck scratched by his claws
and my foot stepped on by one of his cloven hooves. It sure feels real to me.

The five of us live with Scratch here in Milan, Italy, where his photography
studio is based. He owns this four-storey building – a squat, ochre-coloured
structure on the waterfront by the navigli, canals. The neighborhood, once
working class, is in vogue with fashion insiders. Gregory thinks it’s so hip and
romantic. The rest of us are less convinced. I admit I liked the place when I first
arrived here last November. The cobblestoned streets were covered in a thick
fog, then, and I couldn’t see too clearly. Also, I was more or less delirious.
I had an idea that I was going to get rich,
When it comes to money, I am stupid.
Before Scratch took me to Milan, I’d lived in New York City for nine years.
There, I’d led the humbling, wretched existence of an aspiring novelist. I’d been
marginally employed as a freelance copywriter for a publishing company that
specialized in coloring books. My wages were laughable, so low that I took
perverse pride in them. I’d cite the figure to well-dressed, overpaid
acquaintances. I enjoyed their stunned reaction.
“How do you survive in New York?” they’d gasp, sounding horrified.
“I guess I have a masochistic streak”, I’d say, joking. (It seemed funny, then.)
By the time I turned thirty, I’d developed the self-deprecating and slightly
paranoid personality of an outsider. My career had showed some early promise,
as the saying goes, but was failing to materialize. Mysteriously, one by one, my
friends had been absorbed by the middle class. They joined up with that
amorphous group, Professionals. I could no longer follow their conversation; it
was filled with jargon. As far as I was concerned, they did vague things, in
conference rooms, that concerned computers, the law, and television. They
owned houses and apartments, furniture, and matching plates. They acquired
husbands, wives and children. I saw how they eyed my second-hand clothes, and
watched me count out dimes from my change purse to pay for drinks. They’d
invite me over to their four-bedroom colonial houses in the suburbs to feed me
what I thought of as a “pity dinner”. In my apartment, I dined on toast and
instant soup.
By the time I met Scratch, I’d written two “literary” novels: Miracle at the
23rd Street Laundromat and Odor of the Swamp.
Needless to say, I couldn’t sell them for my life.
Four days after I hooked up with him, Scratch handed my landlady a cheque
from a Swiss bank and removed me from my roach-infested, one-room
apartment on West 121st Street, where drug dealers convened on one street
corner and drunken vagrants on another. He hired three handsome moving men
to pack up my belongings and ship them to Milan. They called me “Ms.

to pack up my belongings and ship them to Milan. They called me “Ms.
Bellamy”, and they handled my chipped coffee mugs and paperbacks as if they
were priceless, wrapping every object, including my sneakers, in a sheet of
newspaper, cushioned by shreds of white Styrofoam which they referred to as
“the snow”.
The day before we left New York, Scratch took me shopping at Barney’s, the
trendoid department store. It was cold out, so he bought me a red vinyl baseball
cap with fleece-lined earflaps. Now I keep it on the windowledge in the studio,
in my office alcove, next to the futon mattress which I unfold at night to sleep
on. I don’t wear it much, and I never wanted it in the first place.
It cost Scratch $248.00.
It’s a number I remember, because it was my weekly salary at Dunn and
Bradworth Publishing Co.
Fucking price tag. It impressed me.
I work for Scratch eight hours a day, seven days a week. My desk is a card table
equipped with a portable computer in an alcove. I’m separated from the
photography studio by a wall of rectangular glass bricks. Back in New York,
Scratch and I made a deal to produce a book which would wind up on the
bestseller list, or even lead to a lucrative Hollywood movie option. In exchange
for room, board, a one-way plane ticket and that useless shopping trip to
Barney’s, Scratch commissioned me to write a book based on his character. I’m
supposed to be his first official, authorized biographer, with exclusive access to
his correspondence and private papers.
Unfortunately, the book I’m writing sucks.
It’s a fictionalized biography, or what Scratch calls “bio-fic”. The working
title is I, Satan. But Scratch refuses to tell me anything about himself. So I have
to take wild guesses and tell lies.
When I objected to doing that, Scratch lost his temper. “Don’t be an idiot!” he
yelled, stamping the floor with the heel of his motorcycle boot. “Make it up.
That’s what you’re here for, stupid girl.” It was one of the few times I’ve seen
him lose control. Usually, he keeps his voice low. Scratch often smiles when
he’s angry.
My relationship with him is fairly twisted.
I expected that, I guess.
“Candles are in”, Scratch told the four of us this morning. He looked up from the
latest edition of Italian Vogue. We were all sitting at the long dining table, eating
our usual breakfast of bread and water. Some of us – including me – were

allowed to have a cup of instant coffee. Katrina, the Austrian dancer, was
feasting on scrambled eggs and a slice of toast with butter. The rest of us, halfstarving, were trying not to watch her eat. My mouth was watering, and I knew
that, when she performed for Scratch last night, he’d liked her choreography, for
a change. Probably, she’d gotten laid in some way which was pleasurable instead
of humiliating or painful. That’s part of the reward when he approves.
By now, most of us prefer the food.
“Children!” Scratch was saying. We don’t have any candles, do we?” He was
sounding mighty anxious.
None of us looked at him. We all stared down at our plates, like we were
fascinated by the geometric pattern on the ceramic pottery, and concentrated on
swallowing and chewing.
“Alexandra, dear?” he said,
My heart sinks when he calls my name. I have no idea why he drags me into
these discussions. I could care less about what’s “hot”.
“Yes, sir?” I said, trying to sound interested, instead of scared. I’m scared of
Scratch. I wish I weren’t. But I am.
“Alex, don’t you think we need some candles in this house? After all, we’re
the fashion vanguard. Aren’t we?” He looked stricken. The thought of being less
than “cutting-edge” terrifies Scratch. At heart, he’s a wimp. That doesn’t change
the power dynamics much.
“Please look at me, Alexandra. I’m tired of the back of your head. That’s
better, honey. If candles are in a mainstream glossy like Vogue . . . what does
that say to you?”
“I dunno, sir. Not my area. I’m arts and letters. Remember, sir?” I tried to
sneer at him, to show a grain of irreverence. I do that every now and then, as a
mark of self-respect. Usually, I’m as subservient as possible. We all are. That’s
the job.
“Can’t it only mean one thing, Alex? Aren’t we a step behind the trend? Or,
even . . . Oh, no! Have we missed the trend, my slavegirl? Are candles over, do
you think?”
I bit my lip. If I said “Yes”, he’d punish Gregory.
But if I said “No”, he’d punish me.
I tried to hedge. “Candles”, I said in a tone that I hoped was deeply
contemplative, as if I were mulling over a Zen koan. “Candles.”
That’s the way we’ve all learned to talk to Scratch. We repeat whatever he
says. He might walk into the studio and announce, “Platform shoes.” And we’ll
all try to seem surprised and look at one another, frowning and nodding like
we’d never heard of platform shoes before. Each of us will say “Platforms”, with

as much passion as we can muster. After a minute or so, you just hear this chorus
of “Platforms, platforms.” Or neck scarves, or slave bracelets, or tattoos, or
whatever.
It works, sometimes.
Anyway, all he did this morning was to send Gregory out to Dolce and
Gabbana’s new housewares shop on Via della Spiga to buy four dozen scented
candles. Gregory was delighted. Scratch hadn’t let him out of the basement for a
month. He’s been down there since the Rust Incident.
The studio has a pungent odor at the moment, because Scratch recently bought a
year’s supply of herbal oils. The house is filled with black ironwork lanterns,
floor pillows, pottery and tiles. Scratch redecorates the whole place twice a year.
This season, the key word is “Morocco”.
If you’re Scratch, Morocco means black ironwork lanterns, floor pillows,
pottery, and – on the floors and walls – Moroccan tiles.
If you’re Scratch, Morocco means blue, yellow and rust. That’s the colour
scheme. It’s Morocco. Morocco’s “in”.
The glass inside the lanterns casts splotches of coloured light onto the tiled
floors.
That light is blue, yellow and red.
Red glass. Red. Not rust.
If you’re Scratch, that mistake is very bad.
If you’re Gregory, it’s a disaster.
“Rust,” Scratch told us at breakfast one day last month. It was our first
Moroccan morning – right after the Moroccan redecoration project had been
completed. We were eating bread served on handmade Moroccan pottery. In a
mood of celebration which turned out to be premature, we were sipping tea from
handpainted Moroccan mugs.
Scratch turned to each of us and addressed us, mournfully, in turn. “Rust,
Matthew,” he said. “Katrina, slavegirl, rust. Rust, Tomas, my dear young
slaveboy. Alex. Sweetslave. Rust?”
“Rust,” I answered, in my most consoling tone.
“Rust, rust,” we all began to murmur.
The only one who didn’t say anything was Gregory. He sat there, biting his
lips and getting pale.
Gregory has a degree in architecture. Interior decoration is his area.
We tried saying “rust” for a while, but our voices got softer and softer. It
wasn’t working, and we knew it.
Gregory got up from the table and went down into the basement. Scratch
followed. The rest of us trembled and kept quiet.

followed. The rest of us trembled and kept quiet.
Gregory screamed all morning long. I couldn’t get a word written. There was
no place to hide. He could be heard on every floor. By eleven o’clock, we were
all in tears. Even the models and the hairdressers, who don’t usually give a shit
about anyone. We had to put on our headphones and turn the volume on our CD
Walkmans up to ten.
At noon, the screaming stopped. Scratch came upstairs and strolled into the
studio. His face was flushed. He threw himself down on the yellow leather couch
and began to inspect his claws, which are painted blue. He put one in his mouth
and chewed on it, sighing contentedly.
We took our CD Walkmans off and got to work.
Gregory cried for hours afterwards. We each took turns sneaking down the
back stairs to see him. He had a black eye and his chest and back were covered
with blood. A piece of his left nipple was missing. Scratch had torn out his
nipple ring. Aside from that, he looked all right. It wasn’t half as bad as the time
Gregory stuck his nose into the fashion end of things and advised Scratch to
shave off his goatee.
I untied Gregory’s hands and tried to put some disinfectant on his tit, but he
wouldn’t let me.
“Don’t worry,” he reassured me, “I’ll be okay.”
I handed him a tissue and he blew his nose.
“I wish I hadn’t let him down like that”, he said. “His approval means a lot to
me, Alex. I respect him.”
I left him to himself, since I had half a chapter to finish before sunset – and I
was still recovering from the night before, when I hadn’t met my deadline. We
all gave up on Gregory a long time ago. Getting punished can be confusing, but
Gregory actually likes Scratch. That’s what’s so pathetic.
Then again, Gregory’s under more pressure than some of us. Architecture and
design are more important to Scratch than anything in print. I never get more
than bruises and bloody welts. Tomas, the Brazilian painter who lives on the
ground floor, gets whipped regularly, too. Katrina, the dancer from Vienna,
claims she gets a sharpened stick up her ass, but we doubt the veracity of that.
Even Scratch has limits.
Matthew, an American sculptor who lives on the top floor, in the penthouse,
has had his arms and face cut up with razor blades half a dozen times.
Apparently, he was letting people do that to him before he got here. Out of all of
us, I’d say Matthew gets along best with Scratch. Not counting the fashion
people, obviously. They don’t live with us. They’re only at the studio during the
day, from ten to six.

No one knows what Scratch does to them. Whatever it is, it doesn’t happen on
the premises. The models and the makeup artists, the production assistants and
the stylists have all got their own apartments. When it comes to fashion, Scratch
makes housecalls.
I was an easy mark for Scratch. Since adolescence, I’ve had a weakness for
melodrama and bad men: guys who everyone knows will be unfaithful, the ones
who radiate danger, talk you into selling heroin, or ask you to sleep with their
best friends so they can watch.
I got interested in Scratch’s grainy old black-and-white photographs long
before I ever knew him personally, around the time I moved to New York City
from Pittsburgh after college. I loved the crooked camera angles. I loved the
sweatstains and the smeared mascara. I loved the hint of perversion and decay.
In the old days, Scratch wasn’t selling anything. Aside from that, his work’s
unchanged. What he’s best known for now are the magazine ads which, as he
puts it, “push the buttons, just so far”. Like the series he did for Ferragosto
shoes, with the cop, the nun, and a pair of slingback sandals. He won an award
for that one.
About Scratch himself, I’d only heard rumours. I’d been told that he was
wanted by the FBI for pandering, and that he had Mafia connections. What
intrigued me, though, were the reports that he gave money to the arts. Stories
floated around about artists and writers who’d had chance encounters with
Scratch. They’d described their projects to him. He’d given them money, based
on the “concept”, in advance.
I met Scratch in SoHo the night after my thirtieth birthday. I was in a crowded
bar on Prince Street. I saw him from across the room and didn’t recognize him.
The newspapers keep running a retouched photo of him, so I didn’t know exactly
what he looked like. Even though he was wearing dark glasses, and he was
wrinkled and balding, some part of me must have understood that it was him. An
excited shiver ran through me when I looked in his direction. I walked across the
room and stood a few paces away from him, at the bar. He was flanked by a tall,
sun-tanned couple, dressed identically in velvet, They were too gorgeous to be
considered human.
When I heard the gorgeous woman call the older guy “Scratch”, I knew what I
had to do. I was ready for it. I took three long strides – as slinkily as possible –
in the direction of the Devil.
I undid a couple of my shirt buttons.
No results. He kept on talking to the Gorgeous Creatures.
I propped one high-heeled boot on the rung of a bar stool.
Still, nothing.

Still, nothing.
I hiked my skirt up and ran my hand along my thigh.
Scratch glanced in my direction.
Suggestively, I ran the tip of my tongue across my upper lip.
Bingo.
A moment later, he moved to the empty bar stool right beside me, making that
Darth Vader wheezing sound I’d read about. He huddled over his beer, hunching
his shoulders with his head down, so that I couldn’t see his face. He searched his
pockets, took out a velvet ski cap, and put it on, pulling it down low over his
forehead.
He was acting like he didn’t want to be recognized. It’s the same game
Scratch always plays.
“Excuse me, sir,” I said, coming up behind him. “May I ask you something?”
He pushed his sunglasses down on his nose.
“Yes, dear?” he said. “Ask.”
I looked straight into those eyes, the long-lashed eyes that resemble a cow’s –
dark brown, without a pupil or an iris. I’d read descriptions of them in People
magazine.
I leaned forward and whispered in his hairy pointed ear. “Are you Scratch, the
fashion photographer?”
“Why do you ask that, darling?” he whispered back, so that I felt his breath on
my neck. “If I were, what difference would it make?”
“Well, sir, you’d get a decent blow job out of it, for one thing.”
He smiled, wanly. “In that case, my dear, old Scratch would be inclined to
answer yes.”
I grabbed him by the arm and led him to the men’s room. A guy was pissing
in there. He nodded “hi” at us. We nodded back while we walked into a stall. I
sat down on the lid of the toilet. Scratch undid his pants and pulled out a flaccid
dick. I licked its shaft twice, slowly.
Limp.
I gave his head a tongue kiss.
Nothing.
I slurped his whole worm down my throat.
Bingo. An erection.
I proceeded to treat Scratch to a lengthy session of deep-throating. I nearly
gagged twice, but both times I kept it to myself, recovered quickly, and bounced
right back in there. By the time Scratch started to whimper, tears were running
down my face and my chin was full of drool. I slugged back a tablespoonful of
cum.
For the record, Scratch’s cock is a hammerhead, bulbous at the end, and I’d

For the record, Scratch’s cock is a hammerhead, bulbous at the end, and I’d
say about five inches when erect.
“Haven’t I seen you on TV?” Scratch asked me, when I stood up. He was
zipping up his fly. “You’re an actress, aren’t you?”
I rolled my eyes at this old line. Scratch didn’t notice, luckily. “No, sir, I’m
not an actress.”
“What a shame. You could be one, you know. You belong among the world’s
young beauties.”
What he meant was, he liked the way I sucked his cock.
“Thank you, sir. You’re exaggerating.”
“No, dear. Beauty has nothing to do with what you look like. It’s all lighting
and cosmetics.”
“Oh.” Full of flattery, Scratch is. What a guy.
“Are you a dancer, then? A video artist? Let me guess.”
“I’m an emerging writer, sir.”
“An unknown author,” he sighed. “How pitiful. Most unfortunate. Not much
money in that these days.”
“You said it, sir”, I agreed. I unlatched the stall door and walked over to the
sink. Scratch stood beside me, while I washed my hands and face. At the urinals
across the room, two guys pretended to ignore us.
“Unless, of course, you have a marketable concept.” He held the door open for
me. “Do you, child? What’s your name?”
“Alexandra Bellamy. Call me Alex if you want, sir.”
“Do you have a marketable concept, young Alex who sucks off strangers in
the men’s room?”
“You bet I have a concept. And, sir, I’m anxious to sell it.”
“I thought you might be. Shall we go someplace quiet to discuss it?”
“Sure thing, sir. Thanks.”
“It’s my pleasure.” Scratch came to a stop in the middle of the hallway and
extended his hand, formally. I shook it, checking to see if his fingers were
covered with fur, like I’d read, but he was wearing velvet gloves.
(“Velvet! Sad news, young friends. It’s history. I’m thinking nylon. Aren’t
you, my little sweetslaves?”)
He looked down at his heavy silver wristwatch. “My club should be open for
another hour or two. Shall we?”
We made our way past the tables. I felt totally at ease. It was as if I’d just
jumped out of an airplane and discovered I could fly.
I wasn’t scared of Scratch. Not yet.
As we approached the exit, I turned towards the bar and saw the tall couple in

As we approached the exit, I turned towards the bar and saw the tall couple in
dark sunglasses watching us, a crestfallen expression on their perfect faces.
“Go to hell, Gorgeous Creatures,” I thought. Scratch would rather fuck me.
“Hey, old dude. Are you who I think you are?” said a voice when we stepped
outside into the crisp November air. Three guys in tattered overcoats were
gathered together, looking hopeful.
Scratch narrowed his eyes. “That depends. Who do you think?”
One, who seemed to be their spokesperson, stepped forward. “You’re the most
innovative cultural force in the Western world,” he said. He had bleached blonde
hair which fell into his eyes. His face was partially hidden by black beard
stubble.
Scratch took off his sunglasses. He gave the supplicant a thorough lookingover. It took him all of two seconds. Then he put his sunglasses back on.
“Dude, my name is Sand Dune”, said the doomed young man, hurriedly. A
stream of words poured forth as he pitched his concept to the Devil. “I’m a
performance artist from LA and I’ve got a devoted cult following and now I’d
like to compromise myself and whatever artistic values I have left. I don’t want
to shake the establishment up any more because I’m tired and I’m hungry and
more importantly I want a car, so I’d rather be fistfucked and eat shit in
exchange for money, Hey, dude? You listening? Lemme introduce my company
to you. This hunky little dude to my right is Nathan Smoke of the Smoke
Brothers acrobatic team. He’s got a washboard stomach, see that? The fox on my
left is Jimmy Bob, a transvestite clown from Louisiana. He never insults anyone,
anymore. Guys n’ gals both love him. You’ll find the three of us can be very,
very entertaining. We’re cutting edge, but not offensive. We push the buttons
just so far. You read me, old dude? Our act is up your alley. It’s a circus act,
featuring the simulated crucifixion of audience members. I thought it, uh, it
might, um, you know . . .” Here, Sand Dune faltered. Scratch was ignoring him.
He’d taken out a portable telephone from his briefcase, and was speaking into
the receiver.
“158 Prince Street”, he said into the phone.
“Dude, you interested?” finished Sand Dune, unhappily.
“Not today”, he said dismissively, as if poor Sand Dune were a street vendor
trying to sell him a plastic watch. Scratch put his hand on the small of my back,
guiding me to the corner.
A limousine, painted violet and with its windows darkened, pulled up at the
curb. An overweight, middle-aged man in violet jeans and a matching jacket got
out of the driver’s seat and opened the back door. Scratch ushered me in, and I
slid gracefully onto violet seats, with a lot of legroom. A violet carpet lined the

slid gracefully onto violet seats, with a lot of legroom. A violet carpet lined the
floor.
(“Matthew, Katrina! Oh, Tomas, honey, do come up here, I implore you.
Forget that ghastly painting, this is urgent. I need input. Violet? Finished. Yes or
no? Answer me, someone! Today, please! Style marches on!”)
As the driver closed the door to the limo, Sand Dune and company rushed
towards the car. Sand Dune managed to stuff a Xeroxed flyer in Scratch’s gloved
hands before the door slammed.
“Please step back from the curb”, the driver ordered, gruffly.
Sand Dune had no chance. I didn’t know how long I could keep him but, for
the moment, Scratch was mine.
I was proud of myself. I’d been servile, and I’d seduced him. I thought I’d
beaten out the competition.
I was so naïve in those days.
As if Scratch were selective, and didn’t choose his slaves by chance.
The door to Scratch’s private club, on Tenth Avenue, was unmarked. Inside, it
was almost completely dark. A single spotlight was set into the shiny marble
floor. Black candles shaped like lilies floated in oval pools of water, set into
shiny marble tabletops. In the dim light, I felt invisible: loose, carefree, and
ready to take chances.
A waiter in a white jacket led us to a corner table. He wheeled over a tray with
an icebucket on it, uncorked a bottle of champagne and filled our long-stemmed
glasses.
“So tell me, pet,” Scratch said, “what’s your proposal?”
“Well, sir. I’d like to write a book that would sell. Non-fiction. A biography.
Yours.”
As I was talking, it occurred to me that maybe I should have made my
proposal first, and offered him a blowjob afterwards. I had never prostituted
myself before. I wasn’t sure how it worked.
Scratch seemed to sense my insecurity. He covered my hand with his, and
patted it reassuringly. He had removed his gloves. Coarse fur, like the hair on a
horse’s mane, scraped my skin. He began to scratch my forearm, lightly, with
one of his thick, hooked claws. He lifted my hand to his mouth, and kissed it.
Suddenly, he bit my knuckles, hard.
I winced.
He gripped my hand with both his hairy paws and bore down with his sharp
front teeth.
Groaning in protest, I tried to pull my hand away. I stood up, knocking over
my champagne glass. It shattered on the floor. Alerted by the sound, a waiter
turned towards us. When he saw who it was, he looked away.

turned towards us. When he saw who it was, he looked away.
“Let go!” I said.
He relaxed his grip.
I pulled my hand back and rubbed it. It was numb and bumpy, covered with
his teethmarks.
“Pain”, said Scratch. “Alexandra, pain.”
“Pain”, I repeated.
I understood immediately.
I’m smart about some things. I sat back down.
Scratch studied me a moment. “It’s a job requirement. The artists whom I
sponsor all know pain. Don’t you, Alex?”
I didn’t answer.
“And if not, dear,” he said tenderly, “would you like to? Alex who shows off
her slender thighs in bar rooms? Alex who eats rice and beans? Alex whose
telephone has been shut off? Pretty Alex, who is a disappointment to her
parents? Talented Alex, who pulls out her grey hairs? Lovely Alex, who – much
to her surprise – is over thirty? Cocksucking Alex, who is so charming and such
a failure? In some sense, haven’t you been seeking pain and degradation all your
life?”
I couldn’t answer. He knew things about me which I’d never told anyone. It
was as if he’d held up a mirror and shown me a reflection of myself. Had he set
some kind of trap, devised specially for me? For the first time, I was frightened
“Shit”, I said weakly. “Sir. You hit a nerve.”
“Does that surprise you?” Scratch turned a cigarette slowly between his
shaggy thumb and index finger.
“Well, sir. Yes.”
“Scare you?”
“I admit it does, sir.”
“You feel manipulated? Humiliated? Exposed?”
“Uh, yeah. I do.”
Scratch rubbed his hands together, gleefully. “How nice for you, darling. And
darling, how nice for me! I’m touching nerves and pushing buttons! That’s my
area, you see.”
“But do you know me, somehow, sir? Me? Alexandra Bellamy?”
Scratch chuckled. “What a question! Cocksucking Alexandra! I’m ashamed!”
“Have we met before? What . . . what’s going on? Please tell me, Scratch.”
“Have we met? Do I know you? As if you were different, or original or
important! Is there some scrap of dignity left to protect inside the young whore’s

body, after all?”
“I’m . . . I’m confused.”
“I can see that”, murmured Scratch. “I find your innocence most arousing.”
He leaned back in his chair.
“I want to hurt you, Alexandra Bellamy. Think it over.”
I sat, smoking, and watching a metal clock above our table as its violet hands
moved, in quivering spasms, counting seconds.
At around four o’clock that morning, I had my skirt pulled up and the Devil’s
well-greased dick inside my ass. He kept pulling it all the way out and shoving it
all the way back in me. I’d had a virgin asshole until that morning and, frankly,
the first time wasn’t fun. I’d spent an abortive twenty minutes screaming “Stop,
please stop!” until I got the hang of it.
Ah, pain.
One pleasant aspect about having my anus split in two was that I barely
noticed that I was being beaten. Scratch hit me, repeatedly, with a patent leather
belt from Donna Karan’s spring mens wear collection. I didn’t give a shit about
that, or anything else. All I could think of was my asshole.
That’s the trick to pain, really. It helps you break things down into essentials.
“Well?” said Scratch, stretching out on the rumpled velvet quilt in his hotel room
and switching the channel to MTV.
I took a deep breath.
“Hello, Alex! Are you with me?” He snapped his fingers.
“Um, sir,” I said. I couldn’t speak. I couldn’t move. I would have liked to call
a doctor.
“Are you with me? Yes or no? You’ve had your trial run, whore. Now I need a
final answer.”
I looked up at the violet ceiling and closed my eyes. “Sir,” I said, “I’m in. Do
whatever the fuck to me you want.”
“That’s nice, Alex. I’m so glad you feel that way. That’s what I like to hear.”
I dragged myself into the bathroom and shut the door. I didn’t want Scratch to
hear me crying. I wasn’t happy. My initiation had been traumatic. I climbed
inside the bathtub and, tearfully, examined my rear end.
I turned the tap on.
Water hurt.
I wondered what my ex-girlfriend, Becca, would have thought if she could
have seen me that way, with my back covered with red marks, cleaning out my
shitsmeared butt-hole. She would have kissed my forehead and made me some
herbal tea. Perhaps we would have discussed our three favourite old topics:

herbal tea. Perhaps we would have discussed our three favourite old topics:
commitment, intimacy, and communication.
Those were the things which Becca had wanted our relationship to be based
on.
What was the basis of my relationship to Scratch?
Submission, sex and money.
Three real words in exchange for three small loads of crap.
The second floor of Scratch’s house in Milan serves as his photo studio. With its
bright overhead lights and sense of emptiness, it reminds me of a high school
gym. It’s minimally furnished, with metal desks, a leather couch, a table, and a
row of cabinets to hold our “toys” and magazines. Outside the darkroom, rolls of
film hang from a clothesline, drying. There are five floor-to-ceiling windows,
with thirty square panels of glass inside each one. I tend to count the panels of
glass, from one to 150, over and over again while I’m being punished.
Tonight is like every other night. It’s six o’clock. The models, the
hairdressers, the stylists, the production assistants and the lighting technicians
have gone home. We’re all alone with Scratch inside his building – it’s just me
and the four artists. Every night he comes to us, looks over what we did, and
gives us his review.
Right now, he’s reading the chapter I wrote for him today. He’s lying on the
yellow couch. He looks morose. I can already tell he doesn’t like it. Why should
he? It’s such bullshit. The book’s supposed to be about him, but I don’t know
what I’m talking about. I have no facts, not even basic information like where
Scratch was born, or where he went to school, or when he began to use a camera.
Aside from “candles”, and “platforms”, I have nothing.
“Oh, Alex”, says Scratch, sadly. He puts down the sheaf of paper on the
Moroccan tile floor. His hand dangles languidly off the couch. “Who or what is
this about? You’ve come up with a crude caricature of me. Surely, you don’t see
me like this, do you, pet? As a silly, self-involved, egotistic fashion person?
Surely, darling, you’ve failed to convey the nature of my . . . power.” He strokes
the pages with his furry fingertips, tracing circles with his blue claws.
“Maybe so, sir”, I concede. In fact, my take on Scratch gets more and more
vague as time goes on. My opinions, my beliefs – everything is getting weaker.
Living with Scratch, I’m disconnected from the outside world. He pays our rent
and provides our meals. Usually, they consist of bread and water, but, if you’re
being rewarded, the spread can be lavish. Four times a year – winter, fall, spring
and summer – he gives us each a stack of mail order catalogues. We check off
the books and magazines we want to read, the CDs we want to hear, the clothing
we want to wear. Deliveries arrive from the United States, six weeks later, in

we want to wear. Deliveries arrive from the United States, six weeks later, in
shapeless brown packages which we tear open eagerly, like presents on
Christmas morning.
Scratch pushes up the sleeve of his blue and rust striped T-shirt and runs his
thumb across his dragon tattoo (a leftover from last spring, when “dragon” was
the word). For a moment he’s absorbed in thought.
“Honesty!” Scratch pronounces, suddenly. He hands me back the sheaf of
pages.
“Sir?”
“Alexandra, honesty.”
“Yes, sir. Honesty.”
“This wasn’t honest, Alex. Was it?”
“No, sir. It was not.”
“Wicked slavegirl. You’re a liar.”
Annoyed, I forget myself – and lose my fear. “Fuck it, Scratch,” I blurt out,
recklessly. “I’m just doing what you told me to. You said to make it up! I asked
for facts and information and you . . .”
A terrible, angry smile appears on Scratch’s time-worn face. My moment of
rebellion vanishes.
“Sorry, sir. Forgive me. Can I take that back, sir, please?”
“Impudent, dishonest Alex,” he hisses. “You shall regret those words!
Undress.”
I unzip my shirtjacket. (Shirtjacket, yes? Yes!) and shrug it off. I unsnap my
rust bra. I slip out of my yellow panties and my yellow maxiskirt. (Maxiskirt?
Indeed!) I pull off my boots of soft, blue suede. (Suede! The Eternal Return!)
Naked, I walk through the empty room. As I pass the window, a group of male
models from the agency across the street glances up at me with passing curiosity.
They’ve seen the routine at Scratch’s studio, many times.
When I reach the round wooden conference table in the centre of the room, I
clamber onto it, using a chair as a footstep, and lie down. I rest my forehead
against the smooth surface of polished wood.
“Head up!” Scratch wheezes.
Lifting my chin, I begin to count the 150 glass panels in the windows. One,
two, three, four . . . I hear Scratch’s motorcycle boots click against the tile floor.
He walks to the file cabinet and opens the drawer where we keep our five tubes
of lubricant, and our shared instruments of torture.
I hear him riffle through the contents of the drawer. I count faster. Twelve,
thirteen, fourteen . . .
He shuts the drawer, crosses the room, and stops behind me. Fifteen, sixteen .
..

..
“Hands behind back, slave. Must I remind you every time?”
I start to shiver.
“Slavegirl,” says Scratch, “have you been dishonest?”
“Yes, sir. Right, sir. Oh, yes, sir. Yes, I have.”
“Dishonest Alex! Repeat after me. I, Alexandra Bellamy, am a lazy parasite
who contributes nothing to society.”
“I, Alexandra Bellamy, am a lazy parasite”, I repeat.
Seventeen, eighteen, nineteen . . .
Before he hurts me, Scratch keeps me waiting. I don’t know what’s going on
behind my back. I don’t know what he’s holding in his hands.
Twenty, twenty-one, twenty-two . . .
I count, to help the time pass more quickly while I’m waiting for my pain.
I need it, now.
We all do.
Our nerves and buttons work the same.

THE EMPEROR OF NIGHT
Marilyn Jaye-Lewis

It happened that in olden times, in a land far, far away, an ancient people looked
up lazily toward the approaching evening.
These were such ancient times that the stars were not yet born and the fullbellied moon was the sole celestial body in the nighttime sky. But on this
evening, as twilight crept slowly toward the west, the startled people watched in
awe as the sun began to rise again. Along the far horizon of the sea, it sprang up
boldly and hid behind the full-bellied moon and all the land fell into sudden
night.
The Earth was remarkably still, then, for this was a sacred darkness.
On the far side of the moon, under cover of night, the mighty sun caressed the
moon’s fat belly with his eager fire, emptying his rays into her hidden crevices
and filling her with his power until, it is said, she began to glow.
The glowing moon, unable to withstand her fullness, surrendered to the
penetrating flames of the mighty sun so completely that his flames burst through
her swollen craters, and together, as the frightened people fled in all directions,
the sun and moon exploded in a multitude of stars across the vast, unending sky.
The force of this explosion caused the land to shake and rock; it tugged at the
swirling waves of the ocean waters, sending them leaping and curling upward,
eddying in great swells until, from the depths of the far-off South China Sea,
there emerged from the water a land of splendour, covered in a cloud of sea mist,
whose centre burned so gloriously that its proud inhabitants took no notice of the
sunless sky. They knew that the sun now walked among them as a sacred man of
fire.
This man of walking fire, this falling sun from heaven, came to be called
affectionately, the Emperor of Night.
The great emperor was loved by all his people. They basked in his bright fire
and were nurtured by his light. Though the emperor taught his people the secret
of making fire, none among the mere mortal subjects could ever build a fire
whose flames outshone the great falling sun from heaven. For in the emperor’s
heart there burned an eternal flame; a flame of longing; the seed of heaven itself.

heart there burned an eternal flame; a flame of longing; the seed of heaven itself.
In an effort to ease the daily burdens of his people, to give them a time of rest,
when the sands ran through the hourglass twelve times, the emperor draped his
regal body in a robe of black silk, Covering the essence of heaven, he shielded
his land from the eternal burning flame of his heart while his people gently slept.
And it was in this way that the emperor created night.
The emperor’s grand palace was hidden on three sides by a shimmering,
impenetrable cinnamon forest. Its courtyards were still more hidden behind the
shade of mountain plum and wild pear trees, whose clustering blossoms the
ladies of the palace had adorned with tiny silver chimes that tinkled in the
delicate evening breezes and filled the nights with sounds of trembling music.
The palace itself had been intricately carved from mighty teaks and cedars.
The sacred room where the emperor slept extended along the length of the grand
palace’s fourth side, where it was buttressed against the power of the tossing sea
by a huge wall of carved granite. A granite so smooth it glistened, it formed a
majestic lagoon of fresh seawater for the emperor alone. Here the cranes and
herons, the crested kingfishers and loons, nested in the protruding rocks amid the
rarest night-blooming orchids and magnolia blossoms.
When the emperor adorned himself in his black silk robe and thus brought on
the night, he retreated in a sacred solitude, surrounded by the graceful calm of
the nesting birds, visited only occasionally by the harmless sea creatures who
might swim under the great stone wall where the lagoon emptied into the
waterway of the South China Sea.
The ladies of the palace were numerous and each was as fair and sturdy as the
emperor himself. Like him, their supple forms were lean, their delicate faces
appointed with fine high cheekbones and dark almond-shaped eyes. In the
daylight, they wore their straight black hair in elaborate braids – sometimes
adorned with tender peach blossoms, or lilies-of-the-valley. At night, they let
their hair hang free, and exchanged their bright red robes for robes of black silk,
so that each palace lady resembled the emperor in every respect save for what
remained hidden beneath the folds of the austere black robes.
It was his custom that the emperor rarely slept, even though he’d created
night, for great was the longing inside the eternal burning of his royal heart. He
seldom passed the unending hours alone, though, sending for the various ladies
of the palace for companionship in the darkness.
None was to enter the emperor’s sacred room, however. Each lady met him
instead on the teakwood verandah, opening onto the majestic lagoon. The
verandah was gently illuminated by the tiny flickering flames of a hundred
burning candles, each candle ensconced in an elaborately carved shade of ivory.
The flickering flames produced tiny dancing shadows all along the granite wall:

The flickering flames produced tiny dancing shadows all along the granite wall:
shadows in the shapes of flying dragons, miniature salamanders, or scattering
wild geese. It was on this peaceful verandah, opening onto the majestic lagoon,
that the emperor shared his pillow and mat with whichever lady he fancied,
being mindful, as he lifted her robe and led her through the many royal positions
of tenderness and sharing, not to be wanton about the condition of his own robe,
lest it loosen to reveal his heart and cause morning to arrive too quickly.
It is said that the emperor’s eternal flame could be depleted only through the
expulsion of his seed into a woman who was not his bride, and though the
burden of his eternally burning heart was great, the emperor was careful to
preserve the power of his fire. The ladies of the palace were entrusted with a
temper of restraint when arousing the emperor’s pleasure. They were well
schooled in the art of pleasing him without bringing his royal seed to the point of
expulsion.
The rare few among the palace ladies who took him past the brink of danger,
who, knowing they could never be the emperor’s bride, for the emperor’s bride
would not be mortal and would come in the form of a treasure offered up from
the depths of the sea, who still longed greedily to fill their barren wombs with
the emperor’s eternal fire; these few were punished swiftly and with severity.
Taken by the palace guards to the hillside in the early morning, the offender was
stripped bare of her protective robe and staked openly to an elevated cedar plank,
her trembling legs forcibly raised and spread.
While the rest of the palace ladies were commanded to bear witness without
lowering their eyes, the rare offender was subjected to the terrible Sixth
Punishment, the punishment by horse cock, her wrenching screams ignored until
the mounting stallion’s bulging shaft had rended the offender’s canal
completely, making her no longer suitable for pleasuring the emperor.
Only then was the offender released and cast out from the palace walls. Only
then were the palace ladies permitted to hide their faces in their sleeves.
It is said that on these bitter days, the emperor fasted alone and did penance in
the royal chamber of his inner sanctum.
A great thing happened every twenty-eight nights.
The emperor was permitted to expel his longing in the manner of an ancient
ceremonial sacrifice.
Two ladies of the palace would be summoned to the teakwood verandah,
where they assumed the Royal Position of the Gobbling Fishes, one lying atop
the other in the posture of intercourse, their robes raised for the eyes of the
emperor, their naked genitals rubbing together until their aroused labia swelled
to resemble the mouths of gobbling fishes.

When they were close to orgasm, the emperor parted his robe and, kneeling
between the spread thighs of the palace ladies, separated their swollen vulvas by
easing his stiffening member between the engorged netherlips. The head of his
royal shaft would pleasure their erect clitorises as it slipped in and out, until he
himself was ready to discharge a burst of his eternal fire.
Then the emperor withdrew his member carefully, and discharged himself into
a golden chalice, held ready by a third lady of the palace.
This third lady was the most revered. Adorned in a ceremonial robe of
luminescent silver, she and the emperor carried the golden chalice into the calm
lagoon together, to the spot where the oysters gathered. Here, the emperor would
select the most shimmering oysters. He would lovingly stroke his finger along
the seam of their glistening shells and, with the tenderest of words, the emperor
coaxed the oysters to reveal to him their secret pearls.
One by one, the emperor would pluck the delicate pearls and drop them into
the golden chalice that held his royal sperm.
After the pearls were selected and plucked and a ceremonial prayer recited,
the golden chalice was emptied faithfully onto a sacred spot of jagged rock
protruding from the waters of the quiet lagoon. For it was believed that in this
way, the sea would be appeased and offer up to the emperor his long-awaited
bride.
And here, at the sacred rock every twenty-eight nights, the emperor performed
the supreme sacrifice: he removed the robe of luminescent silver from the lady
of the palace, and while the two remaining ladies lay prone on the verandah and
hid their faces obediently in their sleeves, the emperor prepared to teach his
chosen lady the most secret of the royal positions.
“Soon you will learn the Position of Stealing Fire”, the emperor announced
tenderly. “In return, in gratitude for joining me in this supreme sacrifice, the
emperor wishes to pleasure you.”
The palace lady, now naked, her back steadied against the sacred rock, would
assume the favoured Royal Position of the Standing Heron, expecting to be
pleasured by the emperor’s stiff member, but on this ceremonial occasion, the
emperor would kneel in the salty seawater and place his mouth to the lady’s
tender netherlips.
A whimper of confusion and bliss would issue from the lady, as the sight of
her emperor kneeling before her in the water, his royal mouth pleasuring her in
an unexpected manner, was usually very troubling to a delicate lady of the
palace. But the arousing pressure of the emperor’s mouth exploring her tender
secrets would cause the lady to surrender, until, within the tiny stiffening hood at
the very tip of her mound, her pleasure peaked and she could endure no more of
the sweetness. Her modesty then returned.

the sweetness. Her modesty then returned.
“Now I will teach you the Position of Stealing Fire”, the emperor would
instruct her solemnly as he rose from the water and parted the folds of his robe.
“Come, kneel before me.”
The naked lady trembled before her emperor and knelt in the water,
respectfully lowering her eyes as he revealed himself. Taking her chin in his
hand, he pressed his stiff member to the lady’s quivering lips and commanded
her quietly to open her mouth. So strange was the manner in which the emperor
chose to pleasure himself that it was not uncommon for the chosen lady to lose
her repose.
“Open your mouth”, he would command her again, all the while keeping a
mindful eye on the ladies lying prone on the verandah, lest they become too
curious and lift their faces from their sleeves.
“You love your emperor, don’t you?” he would entreat her. “You don’t wish
to see me lonely all my days?”
“No, my liege”, came her heartfelt answer.
“Then you must help me to appease the sea, or it will never offer up my
bride.”
Confused but ever faithful, the lady would be persuaded to part her reluctant
lips and take the length of her emperor’s thick shaft fully into her mouth. Then,
as in the act of intercourse, he pleasured himself in her.
It was in this manner that the emperor discharged a second time, willingly
sacrificing some of his fire, emptying it deep into the mouth of the chosen lady,
a lady who was not his bride. The eagerness with which the emperor surrendered
his fire, and the helpless state to which he sank as it issued from his loins, was
why this royal position was regarded as the most secret position of all.
It was because this secret was so treasured by the palace, lest it be known
among the ladies who would seek to drain the emperor of his power, that the
emperor, having sacrificed himself in her, regretfully closed his hands around
the chosen lady’s throat. As a sacrificial appeasement to the mighty sea, he held
her pretty face beneath the salty water until she was thoroughly drowned.
The two remaining palace ladies were permitted then to lift their faces from
their sleeves, and they assisted in silent ignorance as the emperor sent the lifeless
body of the sacrificed third under the carved granite wall to be carried out to sea.
It was on those nights that the emperor slept and the following morning would
dawn late on the land, as was the customary fashion.
After nearly twelve thousand days of longing, in the great emperor’s thirtysecond year, when he ached beyond reason to ease the burden of his burning
heart, he donned his black robe and made it night. It was a sacred twenty-eighth

heart, he donned his black robe and made it night. It was a sacred twenty-eighth
night, and he prepared to send for three ladies of the palace who would assume
the Position of the Gobbling Fishes and hold the golden chalice ready to receive
the royal seed, when suddenly the emperor noticed an eerie glow coming from
the sacred spot on the jagged rock protruding from the majestic lagoon.
“At last,” the emperor cried, but not too loudly, for he feared that the sound of
his own voice might break some precarious spell.
Anxiously, he waded into the lagoon, being careless with the condition of his
black silk robe.
“For many years I have been faithful,” he exclaimed aloud. “I have spilled my
royal seed every twenty-eighth night. I have offered the precious pearls, and
selected a palace lady for the supreme sacrifice. I have prayed that the eternal
burning in my heart will come to peace. And now I see that the hour for
rejoicing has indeed arrived.”
The great emperor beheld that the eerie glow on the sacred rock issued from a
membranous sac that contained a gestating female form. It was only a question
of hours before the salty seawater would yield her, fully formed.
The emperor was so elated, so exalted in his joy that at long last the sea was
responding to his tireless yearning and offering him up his bride, that he was
tempted to hurry her progress by summoning more semen from within himself;
tempted to shower her with pearls; even tempted to loosen his black robe and let
the power of his fiery heart shine into her developing face and bring her more
rapidly into being. But she was in a fragile stage and patience was of the utmost
importance.
The palace ladies, having not received the customary summons, had gathered
curiously on the teakwood verandah, watching their emperor in awed silence as
he stood waist-deep in the salty lagoon, his black robe soaking and his beautiful
black hair blowing free in the gentle breeze.
More and more the sacred spot glowed before their very eyes, slowly
transforming the membranous sac into a discernible female form.
“She’s come!” he announced at last, turning to address the palace ladies and
weeping openly as the quickening wind showered his beautiful hair with falling
petals, the clustered blossoms trembling on the trees and filling the air with the
delicate music of the tiny silver chimes. “She has eyes!” he continued at last,
gaining control of himself. “I’ve seen them glowing. She’s opened her eyes!”
The ladies of the palace gasped and made haste in sending for the court
magician to cut the delicate woman from the membranous sac and release her
supple form to the Earth’s atmosphere.
“It’s happening very quickly now!” the emperor shouted, returning his
attention to his creature. “She’s moving rapidly along. We must begin. Where is

attention to his creature. “She’s moving rapidly along. We must begin. Where is
my magician?”
The magician came at once in a cloud of jasmine smoke and a burst of
iridescent light. Reciting a secret incantation that has long been forgotten by the
palace ladies who witnessed the event, the magician set to work on the treasure
from the sea. With his terrifyingly long, sharp fingernails, cultivated for just this
occasion, he carefully tore the membranous sac free from the female creature.
With a sharp yelp, she cried as she encountered the open air, then slid from
the sac into the warm seawater.
It is said that when the emperor, to prevent her from slipping away from him
and drifting out to sea, grabbed her in the water by one of her tender ankles and
pulled her to him, she glowed all the more. At first, it seemed that his robe had
perhaps loosened, but this was not the case. The female creature contained a fire
of her own.
The emperor lifted her carefully out of the water and into his arms. She was
round-eyed and golden-haired, although covered in a viscous fluid. She was
round-bellied, too, and round-bottomed. She was so round and golden that the
ladies of the palace were said to be reminded of the fabled fat-bellied moon that
had existed long ago, the moon that had waxed full as the mighty sun filled her
to bursting, scattering them forever in a multitude of stars across the unending
sky.
“You there!” the emperor pointed, as he set his treasured creature on the
crowded verandah, “and you: take her to the sacred chamber and ready her to be
my bride. And you,” he added, pointing to a third palace lady, “fetch my high
priest from the inner sanctum and tell him of my great good fortune.”
The ladies who had not been chosen bowed their heads in disappointment,
stealing glances at the strange round-bottomed creature as she was escorted, on
unsteady legs, to the sacred chamber.
“Disperse!” the emperor commanded.
In a flurry of black robes and flying hair, the ladies of the palace disappeared.
The emperor, masking his sudden royal terror with a dignified calm,
beseeched his court magician, “What becomes of me now?”
“What becomes of you?” the magician roared with delight as he disappeared
in a cloud of jasmine smoke. “What becomes of you? You administer the royal
touch, you coax her lips to part. If she releases a pearl, she is indeed your bride.
Then she will steal your fire and you will die.”
“Steal it?!” he emperor cried out to the vanishing smoke. “But I thought we
were destined to share my fire, throughout eternity!”
“You will,” a voice thundered on the scattering wind, “but the nature of
everlasting love is first to surrender!”

everlasting love is first to surrender!”
When the high priest was summoned from the inner sanctum and told of the
great good fortune, he cautioned the palace ladies sternly, announcing that he
would not be hurried.
“Preparing the emperor’s bride – if she is, indeed, his bride – is a task that
requires diligence and patience.”
He entered the sacred room with a ceremonial demeanour. Like the emperor,
the high priest was regal. He, too, wore a flowing robe of fine, black silk. His
face was appointed with the same high cheekbones, set off by piercing black,
almond-shaped eyes.
If he felt at all aroused by the sight of the treasured creature, if his heartbeat
quickened, he showed no signs of it. He approached the trembling female, whose
watery round eyes blinked painfully in the candle-lit chamber, and said quietly
to her: “So you are the long-awaited treasure of semen and pearls, nourished on
seawater and fire.”
The female creature could not yet respond, though it seemed to those present
that she understood his meaning.
“Tonight, my dear,” he continued, “you will feel a burning sensation. This is
natural, as you’re adjusting to the surface of your own skin. Later, if the emperor
can coax your lips to open and you release a pearl, then you are indeed his bride
and will be forever. If you fail to produce a pearl, then it’s simply not your time.
You will dissolve once again into the sea and we will resume our vigil. Come,”
he entreated her. “We will make you ready. We will start with the ceremonial
ablution.”
As the ladies readied the shallow basin, the high priest from the inner sanctum
explained: “We don’t want to shock the surface of her skin. We must proceed
with precision and care. She has been nurtured on salty seawater until now. She
will fight us if we don’t introduce her to the purified water in increments.”
The creature was helped to stand in the enamelled basin and was held firmly
by either arm by the palace ladies.
“I’ll begin with your enchanting face,” the high priest announced quietly. As
he pressed the soaked sea sponge to the creature’s delicate cheek, she resisted
only slightly, for his touch was light. As he carefully washed the traces of the
membranous sac from her unusual face, the high priest studied her thoughtfully.
Though he’d never actually seen a round-eyed creature, he’d heard about them
in fabled myths and legends, as he’d prepared his whole life for just this moment
of readying the emperor’s bride.
“That wasn’t so bad”, he encouraged her as he completed the cleansing of the
creature’s face and began on her pale shoulders. Her skin was still so new, so

creature’s face and began on her pale shoulders. Her skin was still so new, so
delicate, it was verily translucent, like gleaming pearls.
The priest dipped the sea sponge once again into the purified water and rinsed
it lightly over the creature’s arms. “You see,” he directed the attention of the
palace ladies, “how her skin is blanketed in golden hairs which weren’t
perceptible at first? She seems to be undergoing the final completion process
right before our eyes.”
The palace ladies marvelled at the female with respectful awe.
“You see how the quality of her skin is changing?” he continued excitedly,
bathing the beauty’s arms. “How it is covered with downy hair? This is a very
good sign.”
When it seemed the female was steady enough on her feet, one of the palace
ladies attended to the creature’s hair. It was long and tangled and still slippery
with the viscous fluid from the sac. The palace lady lathered the long golden
strands with a mild soap normally reserved for bathing infants. Carelessly,
however, the palace lady ascended a small stool and poured purified water over
the top of the creature’s head to rinse away the suds.
“No, no, no!” the high priest cried.
But it was too late. A terrible whimpering ensued that was of such a high pitch
it pierced all their hearts and chilled their spines. The creature attempted to flee
the basin but the high priest grabbed her and steadied her back in the bowl.
“We’ll try to be a little more careful”, he assured her, glancing sternly at the
palace ladies.
The creature blinked at him, seemingly terrified.
“That was probably the worst of it,” he encouraged her again.
The lady culprit, in turn, stepped timidly from her stool and retreated quietly
to a chair in the corner.
The high priest continued his steady, meticulous cleansing of the creature,
washing her round breasts and her full, round belly. When he came to that
delicate spot between the creature’s legs, he carefully washed the membranous
residue from her tightly curled golden hairs.
And then, to the surprise of all those present, the creature released her water,
sending a stream of it in a great splash down into the basin. It was so sudden,
even the dignified high priest couldn’t hide his surprise.
The two palace ladies glanced gleefully at each other, while the creature
rapidly blinked her round eyes and smiled.
“You’re pleased with yourself, is that it?” the high priest sighed.
The creature’s eyes shone all the more.
“Well, as reluctant as I am to admit it, that was an extremely good sign.
Come,” he said, urning to the palace ladies, “we can’t let her just stand in it. One
of you empty this basin and we’ll attend to her feet.”

of you empty this basin and we’ll attend to her feet.”
At last the creature was washed and dried, her hair hanging in fluffy golden
curls. The ladies helped her into an embroidered robe of crimson and, following
the high priest, led her through an intricately carved passageway, deep into the
sacred chamber where the great emperor anxiously waited.
No one but the high priest had ever entered this level of the emperor’s sacred
chamber.
It was ablaze with flickering candles, and the palace ladies gazed in wonder at
the splendid secret room, at the vibrant murals that lined its walls, depicting the
distant mountains as they shimmered in an endless vista, rising beyond the
mystical clouds.
The room itself was alive with flowers and smelled faintly of heaven, as an
aroma of dizzying fragrance scented the air.
Along one wall a towering waterfall trickled and splashed lightly over jagged
layers of flat stones, adorned on either side by velvety moss and wild ferns. The
water, which seemed to the palace ladies to originate somehow from the majestic
lagoon, splashed endlessly into a deep but contained pool, where fat goldfish
with billowy fins darted among the sunken rocks and underwater greenery.
The emperor himself was seated rather tentatively on a huge carved throne of
teakwood in the centre of the chamber, set grandly on a raised platform of
graduated marble, each platform carved by hand to form ornate and opulent
steps.
Beyond the throne, and mostly hidden from view by carved ivory screens
depicting the fable of the sun and moon in their coital embrace in heaven before
they burst into the multitude of stars, stood the royal bed. All the ladies could
discern from where they stood was that a beautiful lace netting, suspended from
a delicate fixture in the ceiling, draped over the royal resting place like a
heavenly veil. The palace ladies recognized this exquisite lace as the type made
by the ancient ladies of the distant palisades; the cliff-dwelling ancients who
lived so high in the peaks that even in the scorching days of mid-summer, they
could not be reached without first traversing for many days deep gorges of ice
and snow.
When the great emperor realized the palace ladies were too curious for his
comfort, he dispersed them. His high priest, though, remained behind.
“Tell me,” the emperor beseeched him, “how do I live through this night? If
she won’t produce a pearl, she will dissolve into salty water and I will die from
the pain of losing her. If she does produce a pearl, I am told she will steal my
fire. Either way, I will die.”
The high priest chose his words carefully. “There is much I do not know. I

The high priest chose his words carefully. “There is much I do not know. I
only know we have prepared for this throughout our entire existences. If the time
has not yet come for her to be your bride – and let me add that the signs do not
seem to point to this outcome – rest assured she will come again, at a more
propitious time, for that is the nature of all that exists; that is the ebb and flow of
life, and that is the law of the sea. If, however, her time has come and she is
ready to accept your fire, look on it as a release. You will not die, not in the
mortal sense; you will transmogrify into something grander, for you are an
energy that never ends.”
The emperor tried to take comfort in the high priest’s words, but he could not
overlook the hint of sorrow creeping into the high priest’s face.
“I’ve been lonely far too long”, the emperor began. But then he saw that mere
words were useless in the face of destiny and so he bid his high priest to take
leave of the sacred chamber.
The emperor parted the lace netting and helped his bride onto the conjugal
bed. It was a fine, large bed of carved cedar, padded with a thick mat of
embroidered silk over a layer of down.
The emperor could not help but marvel at his creature. Her fine limbs and
well-appointed face made her seem quite human, but her curling tresses and
translucent skin were much softer than anything he’d known.
He propped her tender back against a pile of soft pillows and then climbed
onto the bed himself. He knelt next to her and studied the perfect roundness of
her form.
Her eyes, in particular, intrigued him and seemed brimming with
understanding. She regarded him with a curious, penetrating gaze.
He loosened her crimson robe and examined her more closely. Such full
breasts and the roundest belly – like he had never seen. She seemed an odd
mixture of virginity and fecundity.
“You look like you’re going to have a child”, he whispered to her playfully.
Of course she said nothing in reply, as she had not yet learned to speak.
“You look soft enough to sleep on”, he continued, then reached out to stroke
her belly. He thought increasingly of lying on top of her, of removing his robe
completely, to feel, for the first time in his life, what it might be like to couple
completely with a naked female form.
The more he imagined himself coupling with her, the more he stroked her fat
belly, until he realized she was entranced by his touch and beginning to respond.
Her legs parted to reveal her netherlips, covered in tiny golden curls. These
were the lips that would part completely, and produce the treasured pearl if she
was in her season.
The emperor, intrigued but no less afraid, pushed aside her robe completely.

The emperor, intrigued but no less afraid, pushed aside her robe completely.
Braving what he did not know, he resolved to examine her tender secrets.
“Very human-like”, he thought at first. He caressed the tip of her mound to
see if she would respond.
Respond, she did. As the emperor had never witnessed.
She moaned sweetly and offered her secret parts to him completely. She knew
no modesty. The more he stroked her there, the more aroused she got. Her
netherlips became engorged, separating more like the petals of orchids than like
any human female sex. And the tip of her mound seemed to please her so
thoroughly that the emperor lost himself in caressing her there.
She undulated and moaned so, and her lips grew so enticingly ripe, that he
couldn’t help but want to pleasure her there completely. He pressed his mouth to
her tender flesh and was overwhelmed by his own excitement. Caught up in her
cries and whimpers, and the strange rhythms that flowed from her, the emperor
was no longer aware of the time, of whether he should make it day or night.
Paying no mind to the condition of his robe, he set aside the cares of his people.
So entranced was he by her delight, that all his senses focused on pleasuring his
creature.
The more fervently his mouth explored her, the more eager were her cries.
The more her cries entranced him, the more fervently he desired to please her,
unaware that the strange rhythms swelling in her were setting his destiny in
motion.
In ignorance, he licked and sucked at her delicate petals, his tongue caressing
every tender fold, until the urges of his pounding manhood overtook him. He
knew his moment had arrived; he would lay on top of her, with no fear of dying,
and receive the blessings of heaven.
The emperor tossed aside his robe. His creature glowed all the more
profoundly in the presence of his fiery heart.
He raised her legs to mount her, to guide his stiff member into the folds of her
tender flower, when he observed, with shock and awe, a tiny perfect pearl push
through her sacred opening!
The emperor’s consternation was great. “No”, he cried, at the same time
feeling elated that she was, indeed, his bride – his for eternity – that she would
not dissolve into sea water.
Still the sight of the pearl chilled him. “How will you steal my fire?” he
demanded. “How is it that I will die?”
But the creature only stared at him, round-eyed, and smiled; pleased with her
pearl, delighted with what her aroused body had created for him.
The emperor picked up the pearl and examined it closely. He knew what was
expected of him. He was to send for his high priest and offer the pearl to the

expected of him. He was to send for his high priest and offer the pearl to the
mighty sea with a prayer of gratitude and thanksgiving.
“And then what?” he said quietly, searching the face of his bride.
The shaken emperor clutched the tiny pearl tightly in his fist, knowing that
somehow it was his doom. “If only it could have remained inside!”
He gathered his robe around him and prepared to send for his high priest. “If
only it could have remained inside”, he repeated morosely.
And it was at this moment, it is said, that the great Emperor of Night resolved
to betray the will of heaven.
“Drink this”, the emperor urged his bride.
He held the wine chalice to her lips, having placed the sacred pearl on her
trusting tongue.
“It’s wine from the Azure Mountain. It will help the pearl slide down.”
The emperor’s bride drank the wine and found it quite pleasing, holding out
her empty goblet for more.
“No”, the emperor replied. “Now is the time for tenderness and sharing.”
Outside the palace walls, the emperor’s weary subjects rose, groggy and overly
tired, surprised to discover daylight had arrived so quickly. They dragged their
heavy ploughs through the fields, milked their startled cows, and poked at the
sleeping sheep to herd them out to the meadows. It wasn’t long, though, before
news of the arrival of the emperor’s bride reached even the farthest hamlets.
With knowing sighs, the weary people retreated back to their bedchambers for it
was, in fact, the middle of the night.
The robe of crimson lay in a gentle heap atop the robe of black silk on the floor
of the emperor’s sacred chamber.
The fine lace netting draped over the conjugal bed as if it were indeed a veil
from heaven, protecting the lovers from the cares of the outside world.
Though the emperor knew many royal positions for tenderness and sharing, he
soon found he was most content when merely lying atop his bride. For in this
way, he discovered – as many lovers have discovered since the beginning of
time – he could lie with his bride filling his strong arms while their secret parts
entwined in a coital union. Their mouths could exchange deep kisses while the
emperor ran his fingers through her soft, golden hair. But what thrilled the
emperor most of all, was that while they assumed this entwining embrace – belly
to belly, mouth against mouth, his stiff member penetrating deep into her secret
flower as her legs wrapped around his waist – the soft, round breasts of his bride
could press full against the emperor’s fiery heart. How long had he waited for a
night like this to ease his torment? The emperor no longer knew. The years of

night like this to ease his torment? The emperor no longer knew. The years of
loneliness, of yearning in his loins, seemed as remote now as if they had never
been part of his experience.
Many times the sands slipped through the hourglass that night, and many
times the emperor discharged his fiery seed into the flower of his eagerly
responsive bride. The more he shared his fire with her, the more his creature
seemed to glow. The emperor was delighted with the passion of his manhood,
how it never seemed to wane; no sooner would he discharge his royal seed in her
than his member would grow thick and he would penetrate her flower again.
So lost in each other’s arms were they, so entranced with all their senses, that
the emperor did not notice the high priest enter the sacred chamber until he was
readily perceived to be standing just beyond the heavenly veil.
Angered by the intrusion, and protective of the modesty of his bride, the
emperor displayed a temper previously unknown to the high priest.
“Your Majesty will forgive me, I’m sure,” he apologized, “but there’s the
matter of the sacred pearl –”
The emperor, stricken by a raw sensation of guilt over having induced his
innocent bride to betray heaven with him and swallow the sacred pearl,
answered haltingly, “What about it?”
“Your Majesty, the sands have slipped through the hourglass twenty-four
times; surely she has released a pearl by now.”
“Of course she’s released a pearl! She’s my bride, mine for eternity.”
“Yes, Your Majesty, but – ”
“But what?!”
“You never sent for me. We must offer the pearl back to the sea as a gesture
of gratitude and thanksgiving.”
The emperor was more guilt-stricken still. “I’ve seen to the matter already”,
he declared.
The high priest tried hard to hide his feelings of alarm.
“I told you, the matter’s been seen to!” the emperor insisted. “I saw no reason
to part from my bride for even a moment longer than was necessary, so I tossed
the pearl into the lagoon myself and gave a prayer of thanks. I assure you, it was
heartfelt. No doubt, Your Grace will understand my sense of urgency.”
The high priest could not hide his dismay; still, he approached his emperor
with caution. “I dare say, that’s not the manner in which those things are usually
done, but I suppose what matters is that the ritual was carried out, so that heaven
and the mighty sea will be appeased.”
The emperor replied hotly, “They’re appeased.”
“I beg Your Majesty to suffer me just a moment longer.”
“What is it?!” the emperor shouted.

“What is it?!” the emperor shouted.
“It’s the matter of your people, Your Majesty. They tire from the constant day.
Might you consider donning your robe for a time, if only for the sake of your
people?”
“I have lived my whole life for the sake of my people. Surely they can grant
me a little patience in this instance!”
And that was all the emperor deigned to offer on the subject.
Finally, it came to pass that the emperor grew tired. He slipped into his robe and
lay with his head on a pillow next to his bride and closed his weary eyes. But it
seemed his eyes had only been closed a moment when he felt his member stiffen
and again become thick.
He opened his eyes in time to see his beautiful bride climb astride him,
burying his protruding shaft deep within her hot flower.
And, indeed, it was hot. It was so hot and so deep that the emperor wished to
lose himself completely in her warmth, be absorbed into her body and drift to a
never-ending sleep. His eyes closed at last, filled with the vision of her
nakedness, her full breasts gently sloping down, and her round golden belly
undulating enticingly as she pleasured herself on his royal member.
When the emperor awoke, he feared he was dying. He did not know how long he
had slept, but he sensed it had been an inordinately lengthy period.
He was chilled to the bone. He reached down to the floor for a coverlet, but it
did little to warm him.
His bride was awake and lying cheerfully beside him. A heat came from her
radiant glow that beckoned the emperor close. He took her in his arms and
kissed her and, without even knowing it, drifted back into a deep sleep.
“Your Majesty will forgive the intrusion.”
It was the high priest again, shaking the emperor gently by the sleeve of his
black silk robe.
“Your Majesty, wake up.”
“Yes, what is it?” The emperor tried to focus on the high pries, but his brain
longed for more sleep.
“Your Majesty, we have some sort of crisis. The land has been stuck in what
can best be described as a grey half-twilight for many days. The people grow
restless and cold. They threaten to chop down the entire forest for fire.”
The emperor went to great lengths to understand the high priest’s words, but
all he really understood was the direness of his tone.
“Surely the blissful sleep after the wedding night has gone on long enough”,

“Surely the blissful sleep after the wedding night has gone on long enough”,
the high priest entreated him. “The robe, Your Highness. Your people could use
some sun.”
“Fine,” the emperor managed to reply, and with a tremendous physical effort
he stripped away his black robe and fell dead asleep.
In a moment, the troubled high priest had returned. “Your Majesty, it didn’t
help. The grey twilight remains.”
The emperor’s powerful will aroused him from his deep need for sleep. He
pulled his bride to him, as he suffered now from an extreme chill, but she was so
fiery hot, he sprang away from her.
“Your Majesty! What is it?” The high priest made no pretence to mask his
alarm. “You look so ashen and pale.”
“It’s her!” he cried, fearing for the wellness of his bride. “She positively burns
with fever!”
The emperor’s bride lay happily among the royal pillows.
“She seems quite well to me. She’s glowing and rounder than ever.”
“No”, the emperor spluttered wearily. “She’s on fire. Touch her.”
When the high priest laid his hand on the bride’s arm, he pulled it sharply
away, as if he had been burned. “You’re right! She burns with fever. Yet you are
the one who looks ill.”
“I’ve made a grave error in judgment, Your Grace”, the emperor struggled to
confess. “I tried to prolong my happiness and still I am dying. You see how she
steals my fire? Only now she will perish, too; my fire is consuming her.”
The high priest urged the emperor to explain.
“The pearl”, he managed to say. “I cheated heaven. I made her swallow the
sacred pearl. I tried to hide from my fate by making her consume the product of
our passion. I fear now that it is burning her alive.”
The high priest ran from the chamber to summon the nearest palace ladies.
“You must fetch the magician. There’s been a tragic accident. The emperor and
his bride are quite ill.”
Amid great weeping and hysteria, the emperor and his bride were draped in
ceremonial robes and gingerly transported to the teakwood verandah, where they
were placed on a sacred mat.
The magician was summoned and he arrived in a burst of iridescent light and
a cloud of jasmine smoke.
When it was revealed to the magician how the emperor had attempted to
betray the will of heaven, he demanded that the court disperse, even the high
priest, and gather in the inner sanctum to pray for the emperor’s soul.
When the magician was alone with the emperor and his bride, he gently shook
the emperor, who had once again drifted into a deep sleep.

the emperor, who had once again drifted into a deep sleep.
“You have been a fool”, the magician declared quietly. “You had all that
heaven allowed and still you wanted more.”
“I know”, the emperor confided. “I’ve seen my mistakes played out behind
my eyes in quite vivid and remorseful dreams. I have an unbearable burden in
my heart. I no longer mind that I am dying, but I have sealed the fate of my
innocent bride, and who will look after my people when I am gone? See how the
stars are forever approaching from the East, yet they never arrive? It is not day,
it is not night; will my people be forever trapped in this twilight? And my poor
bride. She burns with enough fire to light an empire, yet she cannot shine and
save my kingdom.”
“I know what must be done”, the magician replied, seemingly unmoved by the
emperor’s plight. “How, may I ask, is the condition of your heart? Have you left
anything undone? Have you said your prayers for your people?”
The emperor nodded gravely. “But what about my bride? I will never be ready
to tell her good-bye.”
“Your Majesty,” the magician scolded him, “you are such a foolish man! Your
destiny has never been anything but that: your destiny. I told you your love was
ordained by fate to last throughout eternity, but love requires you first to
surrender. Nothing you do can exert your will over the will of heaven. All
you’ve managed to create in the meantime is human misery and delay.”
The emperor’s eyes edged with tears. He summoned great strength within
himself, braved his creature’s hot fire, kissed her tender mouth one last time and
surrendered to the will of heaven.
He tried to contain his tears as he watched his court magician conjure an
incantation over his blissfully ignorant bride. And then, with not even a moment
to prepare, a mighty gale of wind swept across the teakwood verandah and the
emperor’s treasured creature shot up to the sky as a crackling ball of fire.
Day dawned instantly on the land and all that was left behind for the emperor
to cling to was his creature’s sacred pearl; the treasure their joy had created had
withstood the powerful fire.
It is said that in his profound grief the emperor swallowed his creature’s pearl.
And as the magician disappeared in a cloud of jasmine smoke, and a gentle
breeze tinkled the tiny silver chimes in the tender plum blossoms, the emperor
wept bitter tears, and did not stop weeping, even after the sands had slipped
through the hourglass twelve more times.
And it is further said that so great was the emperor’s remorse, as he could no
longer provide night for his tired people who toiled in constant daylight, so bitter
were his tears, that he finally dissolved into salty water that trickled down into
his majestic lagoon and was carried out to sea.

It was then that the mighty waves leaped and swirled and tossed a sacred
glowing pearl far into the western sky, at last bringing on the gentle evening.
And it was this sacred pearl, which we’ve come to call our moon, that was loved
in ancient times by a tender, tired people, who came to call it, affectionately, the
Emperor of Night.

GIRL TRADE

Chloë Thurlow

Published by Accent Press Ltd – 2010
Paperback ISBN 9781907016417
PDF ebook ISBN 9781907726231
ePub ebook ISBN 9781907761386
Copyright © Chloë Thurlow 2010
The right of Chloë Thurlow to be identified as the author of this work has been
asserted by her in accordance with the Copyright, Designs and Patents Act 1988.
The story contained within this book is a work of fiction. Names and characters
are the product of the author’s imagination and any resemblance to actual
persons, living or dead, is entirely coincidental.
All rights reserved. No part of this book may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval
system, or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic, electrostatic,
magnetic tape, mechanical, photocopying, recording or otherwise, without the
written permission of the publishers: Xcite Books, Suite 11769, 2nd Floor, 145157 St John Street, London EC1V 4PY
Cover design by
Zipline Creative

Contents
One The Island
Two The Boat
Three Escape
Four Arabian Nights
Five South of Nowhere
Six Mauritania
Seven Caravanserai
Eight The Dancer
Nine The Harem
Ten The Emir
Eleven The Sahara
Twelve Scheherazade
Afterword

One
The Island
WHY I DECIDED TO swim out to the island I’ll never know. I had discarded my
magazine. There was nothing worth reading. I had discarded my costume to try
and fill in the white spaces around my tan. I had discarded my boyfriend without
realizing, when I went on holiday on my own, that the hours would hang so
heavily that it was almost better to be with someone you didn’t like, than to be
lying there on the black sands of La Gomera with no one to talk to.
There were a few people further along the beach sitting under a red-and-white
striped parasol. I could hear their laughter as it carried on the still air. I almost
wished someone would walk by and say hello. Being naked might be something
of a conversation opener. Or stopper! It was hard to know, some people would
be embarrassed, and if it were someone like Bobby, my ex, he’d stand gawping
and then like a schoolboy say something stupid. That’s why he’d been discarded;
tall, dark, handsome, he was a walking cliché, a boy masquerading as a man.
I was 22 now. It was time to grow up, time to put childish pleasures behind
me.
I’m a woman.
I shouted the words at the sky.
I’m a woman. I’m a woman. I’m a woman.
I giggled to myself, stretched and let out a long sigh. It was the first time I had
sunbathed nude and enjoyed the feeling of the sun warming my pink nipples. I
squeezed the tips between my thumbs and first fingers, a tremulous feeling
racing down my spine and making me squirm like a cat. My breasts in my
cupped hands felt unusually full and it was blissful lying there with my eyes
closed behind big sunglasses, sliding my palms over the curve of my waist, my
hip bones pushing through the skin, gleaming and slippery with sun oil, and
down into the silky patch of my pubic hair. Being naked outside in the sun and
salt sea air makes you feel so sexy and it was sad being sexy all on my
lonesome.
Between my legs I discovered a hint of moistness. A stray finger slipped

inadvertently into the open cleft, juices seeped over the seashell lips of my pussy
and my cheeks flushed with sudden shame. What if someone were looking? I sat
up and glanced to the left and right. The people further along the beach were
folding their parasol and leaving. I watched their figures grow smaller as they
vanished across the dunes. I was suddenly, completely, alone.
Behind me, spines of rock rose up like the walls of a castle. The sea and sky
were the same shade of blue, and I could just make out a black dot on the
horizon. I thought at first it must be a boat, or a mirage, perhaps, but, as I
focused, I could see the outline of what looked like a small island pinned with
the silhouettes of palm trees.
I wandered down to the water’s edge, shaded my eyes, and tried to judge the
distance to the island. It was shimmering in the heat haze, green like a jewel on a
surround of blue satin. La Gomera is one of the seven Canary Islands, but the sea
is sprinkled with an archipelago of atolls and reefs; I had seen one rugged
outcrop covered in coarse grass and inhabited by goats, the bells about their
necks showing that they belonged to somebody: that everything and everyone
becomes a possession, is owned and spoken for, even slivers of rock in the
middle of the sea.
On a whim, I threw my sunglasses back on my towel and strode into the surf
breaking on the shoreline. The long hours of afternoon stretched vacantly before
me and I thought idly I might leave La Gomera and travel on to El Hierro, the
Meridian Island, the smallest of the Canaries, the furthest south, the furthest
from London.
‘The further the better,’ I heard myself say and I wasn’t sure why, what I was
thinking, what I was running away from.
I stood very still, my toes digging into the black sand, a small white figure in a
dark volcanic landscape. It was one of those days when the world may just have
been born; everything was new, unformed, innocent. The small island before me
was ringed in a veil of mist, making it more inviting, more of a mystery. I took a
deep breath and dived into the surf. I wanted to make certain my eyes weren’t
playing tricks on me, that the island was real, more than real, that it was a lost
paradise, that on the island I would find whatever it was that had been missing
from my life.
The sea was cold and I moved in steady over arm strokes through the water,
warming myself as I gathered speed. I had read in my guide book that
Christopher Columbus had stopped in La Gomera to take on fresh water and
bananas before sailing in search of a western route to the Indies. He had stayed
long enough to become the lover of a noble woman on the island and I couldn’t
envisage anything more intense, more exciting, than to make love with an

adventurer before he sets off on a journey into the unknown.
It was another new pleasure swimming naked. I felt alive, wanton, a wild
child who had escaped from captivity, from the rush and clamour of the city, the
underground train, the snatched sandwich for lunch, the sense that life was
speeding off into the distance and no matter how hard you ran you’d never catch
up. I enjoyed the rhythm of my limbs as I carved a path through the waves, my
breath steady as I raised and lowered my head from the water. The sea that bore
me forward was the Atlantic Ocean, the same vast corpus of water negotiated by
Columbus in 1492, and it was hard to remember that in the Canary Islands I was
further from Europe than the dark heart of Africa.
When I paused to rest, I realised I had swum further than I had intended. The
small hillock of land I was approaching and the beach I had left behind seemed
to be exactly the same distance away. I could see the rock face climbing from the
sand up to the mouth of the volcano on La Gomera, and I could see before me on
the island the waving palm fronds like long fingers casting an invisible net.
I was at that moment no different from Christopher Columbus and faced the
self same predicament. Once the Niña, the Pinta and the flagship Santa Maria
reached a certain point the maps ended. The way ahead was obscured in rumour
and risk. But to go back would be ignoble, defeatist, a failure. It occurred to me
that having reached this point, I had to continue. That this shifting Rubicon in
the middle of the sea was also a turning point: I must go back and remain who I
was, who I had always been, or go forward and renegotiate my destiny.
These thoughts skipped through my mind like waves of electricity leaving
light and darkness in their wake. I had quite forgotten I was naked and knew
even as I continued that I should have returned to the sands of La Gomera, to my
towel held down by four shiny black stones, my swimming costume, my
sunglasses, my mobile phone. I would look back on that long swim and wonder
what madness had seized me and driven me on in strong, even strokes, my arms
a machine, my legs kicking, my breath filling my lungs, each stroke taking me
away from the past, from the known into the soul of the mystery, into the heart
of my own undiscovered self.
What made me be so thoughtless that day, so reckless, so irresponsible? Many
times I would ask myself this question on those dark nights that lay in the future.
Was it a sense of boldness, a touch of madness, of promiscuity? A lone girl,
shamelessly naked in the great expanse of the sea. I had finished with university,
finished with my boyfriend. I was free. Totally free. I was at the beginning of my
life and, like Columbus, I wanted to enter the unknown.
There is a Greek island that is said to move about the Aegean and I was
beginning to wonder if the island before me was that very place, that the shaving

of rock had cast off its ties and drifted across the Mediterranean, slid by the
Rock of Gibraltar and was heading west for America. After leaving the midway
point, that point where I should have turned back, I had swum on for a long time,
yet the island seemed no closer, that rather than taking me towards the line of
palm trees, each stroke was pushing it like a ball further away.
I rested, treading water, and glanced back. Before, I had been able to pick out
the red and yellow stripes of the Spanish flag above some building on La
Gomera. Now, it was a blur like a far away bird flapping on the horizon. There
was no question of trying to swim back now. My fate was sealed and I swam on,
paddling on my back, conscious suddenly that I would be arriving in a strange
place without money or papers, as naked as the first creatures that crawled from
the sea.
As that thought permeated my mind, I was suddenly afraid of the deep water,
the silence, the isolation. I turned on to my front and swam faster, like an athlete
at the end of a race. The moment of panic passed and I was relieved as the
shapes and forms of the island grew firm, the trees, a pale beach, the ruins of a
tower on the low peak. The next time I rested, my feet touched the sand of the
sea bed and I waded slowly ashore.
I was on an empty beach dotted with shells and carapaces of every size and
shape, shells in a kaleidoscope of colours like a flower garden. There were brickcoloured starfish, razor shells I stepped around so that I didn’t cut my feet, open
shells with the dried skeletons of minute life forms and shells being carried
methodically by hermit crabs. I saw bigger crabs with their swift sideways
motion, running one way then the other, their eyes protruding like cartoon
figures showing shock and surprise. I shivered with cold but the sun was heavy
with the midday heat and I quickly warmed up as I picked my way through the
shells to the dunes rising up at the edge of the beach.
The island had seemed small when I set out from La Gomera, but it was
bigger than I had expected, the coastline stretching perhaps a mile in each
direction before curving away from view. I climbed the dunes and lay down. I
was exhausted. I may even have slept, for it was the sound of footsteps on the
shingle that brought me back to my senses.
I was aware of two things simultaneously: the fact that help was on its way
and, more worrying, that I was naked, no clothes, no phone, no watch. Nothing.
The approaching figure was a man in a turban and a loose blue tunic that
billowed about him. He didn’t hurry and approached as you might a nervous
animal, a unicorn perhaps. It occurred to me that the island might be private
property, that I was trespassing. Not that it would matter. I obviously hadn’t
stolen anything. In a way, I felt safe. I would be able to explain that I had swum

too far and couldn’t endure the long swim back. I was certain there must be a
boat and hoped the man in the blue tunic was a fisherman. I had left my money
in a purse under my towel on the beach. I could pay him.
I stood, unsure what to do with my hands, whether it was best to hide my
breasts, my pubic hair, those bronze curls shiny and a shade darker than my hair
falling wet and sandy about my shoulders. I tried to picture myself as the
stranger must have pictured me, and decided it was best to be cool, act as if
being naked was the most natural thing in the world. I remained motionless,
spine straight, breasts thrust forward. I felt embarrassed, of course, but also
mischievous, proud, vaguely superior, a mass of swirling, changing emotions
that swept through me under the gaze of the stranger.
As he drew nearer, his expression didn’t change. His face was as dark as
mahogany, burnt by the sun, his features below the folds of his turban sharp and
angular, a strong nose and piercing eyes shiny as chips of coal. He was carrying
a large sack and, as he transferred it from one shoulder to the other, he made no
pretence that he was studying my prominent nipples, my nervous smile, my
green eyes trying to maintain the façade of self-confidence.
The man came to a stop. He said nothing. I gave a little shrug.
‘Look, I wonder if you could help me?’ I said. I pointed back across the sea to
La Gomera. ‘I’ve swum from over there and didn’t realise how far it is.’
Still he said nothing. Rather, he moved to one side to consider me in profile.
He moved again, slowly, inspecting my back, and I recalled men on market days
in country villages doing the same with livestock.
‘Look, I left my costume on the beach,’ I explained.
My heart was pounding. My breasts were rising and falling with each beat,
even my round bottom appeared to be moving involuntarily. I realised as he
completed his circle around me that no man had ever eyeballed me in this way
before, not so much with lust, but with the detachment of a customer about to
make an offer on some odd piece of bric-a-brac at the flea market.
‘I have some money, back there,’ I said, aware of the quaver in my voice. I
pointed again. ‘If you could take me back.’
If he understood me, which I doubted, he took no notice. I could have been a
lost dog barking, for his expression remained the same like the cold face on a
piece of carved brown marble.
‘I swam all the way …’ I said, my voice trailing off like a wisp of smoke.
Several moments passed. I wasn’t sure what to say. The man didn’t say
anything. He placed his bag on the sand and, as the mouth fell open, I saw that it
contained a large conch shell. It was pink lipped, shiny and perfect.
He cupped his jaw. I could see a look of calculation in his furrowed brow.

Around his neck, he wore a pendant on a long leather thong. He lifted it over his
head and, the way he did this, I thought for a moment that he was going to give it
to me. Perhaps he expected me to lay back down on the dunes and have sex with
him and this was a form of payment, a custom, the exchange of gifts, the pendant
for me, my body, the only thing I had to trade.
The notion was both terrifying and vaguely absurd. Being naked was an
invitation, explicit, unequivocal. I was aware that as a woman, like all women, I
chose clothes to make myself appear desirable, exposed, defenceless, but I was
protected by the gossamer veil of those clothes. Once you strip and exhibit your
body you demonstrate that you are willing, available, fair game. When the man
at the party begins to unzip the back of your dress, unless you stop him, you
have made a pledge, a covenant. Once he peels the dress from your shoulders
you are already lovers.
These thoughts were fleeting and I would have plenty of time to ponder them
more deeply. I was aware, as any girl of my age would be, that I had the sort of
physique men admire, my breasts were full and I ran in the park at weekends to
keep my legs shapely, my waist trim, my cheek bones and hip bones prominent.
Agh, I thought, all is vanity. I was aware, too, standing there before this stranger,
that in truth I had little experience of men, of the world, that for me sex had
remained an immature endeavour that was never quite satisfactory and always
over almost before it begun. That time when a man did begin to unzip the back
of my dress I giggled and stopped him.
I was growing impatient. ‘Look, do you have a boat or not?’ I demanded. ‘Is
there someone else who does? Is there someone I can talk to?’
The man had been busy untying the knot in the leather thong. He slipped the
pendant into the folds of his tunic and paused to study me again as he made a
loop in the thong. He then rubbed his thumb and fingers together in that gesture
people make to indicate money.
Typical, I thought, that’s all he’s worried about.
‘If it’s a question of money, you will be paid, you know,’ I told him.
I held out my palms as if in a show of sincerity. I wasn’t sure what was
happening when, in one unexpected movement, he grabbed my arm and slid the
loop in the thong over my wrist. I was as tall as the man, probably just as strong,
and should have punched him in the face, fought him off. But his action was so
quick, so sudden, I froze like a statue and, before I could react, he swung me
around, wrapped the thong about my other wrist and tied my two wrists together
behind my back.
Now I did react. I screamed. I kicked at the man. I tried to bite him. But he
moved away from my gnashing teeth and my screams vanished into the sound of

the waves breaking on the beach. I thought for a second that I could try and run
away, but I would tear my feet to shreds on the razor shells, and how fast could I
run with my hands tied behind me?
I was trapped like a cornered animal, bound, powerless. The horror of this
realisation was like a spike in my chest. Great tears welled into my eyes and
rolled over my cheeks.
‘Please. Please don’t hurt me. Please.’
My voice was a whisper, a whimper. I had been slightly pompous. Now, I was
pathetic.
‘Please,’ I said again.
My eyes glazed in tears. The sun on my head made me giddy. I thought I was
going to faint. Why had I swum away from the beach at La Gomera? It was
madness. What was I doing sunbathing in the raw? I had always hated that sort
of thing. The girls at school who wandered around after the showers without
anything on were show-offs. That wasn’t me. I was embarrassed by my ripe
breasts, my wild hair, the salt and sand sticky on my bare skin. I must have
appeared like a girl eager for some raunchy action, but I wasn’t, I really wasn’t. I
was petrified being there on the dunes with this stranger leering at me, and didn’t
know why my nipples were so blatantly, shamefully erect, why standing there
bound and naked my body had turned into a landscape of unfamiliar and
inexplicable sensations.
The man didn’t seem to notice my tears. He waved a warning finger that said
don’t move. I obeyed. I didn’t move. I remained motionless while he ran his
hands over me, down my sides, my hips, my thighs. He felt my breasts, pressing
down as you would test the flesh of a chicken at the butcher’s. He then squeezed
my nipples so hard I squealed in pain. Still I didn’t move as he ran his hands
down my back and I thought I might die of shame when his dark fingers slipped
between the cheeks of my bottom into my moist cleft.
‘Please,’ I said, my voice faint.
He looked at my lips as I was speaking, as if he were trying to understand or
was sympathetic to what I was saying. Then it dawned on me: perhaps he was
mute, or deaf, a poor beachcomber who had never seen a naked girl before. I
wanted to touch his arm, his shoulder, reassure him that it was all right. I wasn’t
angry. I just wanted to go home.
‘It’s all right,’ I said in a calm voice. I spoke slowly. ‘Let’s go and get some
help.’
He nodded as if he had understood and, when I smiled, he smiled back
through a mouthful of broken brown teeth. Again, in one swift motion, he swung
me around and I couldn’t believe it as he laid the flat of his hand across the

mounds of my bottom, the slap so fierce and shocking, I thought for a moment I
was having a heart attack.
‘No, no, no,’ I cried, and he struck me again, much harder.
Tears spurted from my eyes. I tried to move away, but he seized me around
the waist, bent me double and held me tight as he spanked me as hard as he
could, one slap after another, over and over again, the beat of those slaps so loud
they blocked out the sound of the sea. A tide of pain radiated out from my
bottom, down my legs and over my back. But the pain wasn’t as hard to bear as
the humiliation, the unimaginable indignity of this stranger with bad teeth in a
dirty blue smock bending me over and beating me like a child, like an animal,
like … I don’t know what. I had thought he was going to give me that pendant
and then insist on having sex. Being thrashed in this way was almost worse.
‘Ouch, ouch, ouch,’ I cried.
And still his hand came down again and again, scolding the mounds of my
delicate rear, one side, then the other, his leathery palm clapping like thunder
against the burning plump cheeks as systematically he beat the soft surprised
skin like a drum for some primitive dance. I was shaking and trembling, my feet
scraping at the sand, my hands behind my back trying in vain to shield those
fierce relentless blows.
He spanked my bottom for all he was worth. He spanked me until sweat
poured down my back and between my breasts that hung heavily below me. He
spanked me until the pain was so unbearable, so shocking, so beyond my
imagination or vocabulary that the pain almost ceased and it felt under the hot
sun that I was being sacrificed in some strange ritual.
Now that I was able to tolerate the pain, I began to get the feeling that this
beating would last for ever, through the whole of eternity, that he was going to
spank me until the flesh peeled from my skin, that I as a naked white girl on this
tiny nothing of an island was being punished for all the centuries of abuse and
torment suffered by all the peoples on the forgotten continent through the long
history of forever. Whatever was wrong with the world, it was my fault. I had to
pay.
The power in his blows diminished and he only stopped beating me when he
was too tired to continue. He forced me down on my knees.
‘Please. Please. Please. Please. Please,’ I cried.
I looked up at him. ‘Please don’t hurt me,’ I said, and he responded by taking
a grip of the back of my hair.
With his free hand, he pulled his cock from his tunic and pushed at my closed
mouth. He spoke now for the first time. He said something in a deep, gruff,
bullying voice and it didn’t matter that I didn’t know what it was he had said. I

was on my knees, naked, beaten, the man’s cock pressing against my lips and
nose. It smelled like an exotic food from some far away place, ripe and fruity.
The head was mauve and bulbous with a gaping eye like a piercing.
It occurred to me that I had never been so close to a man’s cock before, not
like this, in broad daylight, in the sweltering midday sun. With my hands tied by
the thong, I felt like an actress in a porn film. With my burning bottom and tearstreaked face, nothing seemed real. I was afraid, I was terrified, but I felt
protected, too, by this sense of unreality.
He squeezed my cheeks and I opened my mouth to allow this exotic fruit to
slide between my open lips. He took a tighter grip on the back of my hair,
pushing and pulling my head, jerking his cock further and further down into my
gullet. I felt as if I was going to gag, and almost did gag, but I breathed through
my nose, opened my mouth wider and sucked harder and harder, wrapping the
length of his cock in my tongue, giving all of my effort just to get it over with. I
closed my eyes. The sun beat down on my back. My bottom was stinging.
Three days ago I was working in the PR department at a publishing house in
the centre of London. I caught the 14 bus along the Fulham Road to go to work
every morning. I had a drink in the West End before making plans to go out for
the evening. I wore a denim skirt an inch or so too short and red heels with black
tights, blouses that revealed a coy few inches of my breasts, short jackets nipped
in at the waist. Bobby, the boyfriend, was a celebrity journalist on one of the
evening papers. We went to bars, clubs, movies, gigs. We had friends, lives,
futures, uncertain yet predictable, understood, safe. I was living the London life
and was bored to distraction. I felt like a clone among clones. A sheep among
sheep. A party girl among party girls. I had wanted so desperately to do
something different and would never have imagined in a million years being
naked on my knees in an unnamed place with a stranger’s cock down my throat.
Be careful for what you wish for, my mother liked to say, you might just get
it.
With my eyes closed, with that hard cylinder of hot flesh slipping in and out
of my throat, I almost forgot my disgust, my fear. It’s like gardening, I mused.
Backbreaking and tedious when you begin, but the physical action of pulling
weeds and trimming bushes becomes an end in itself, an ephemeral pleasure. It
wasn’t that, of course, far from it, but the pure mechanics of sucking that man’s
cock had become unconsciously no different from sucking Bobby’s cock,
something he couldn’t get enough of, and something I had control over, as I had
control over Bobby.
Was that why I had grown bored with him? Was that why I had set off for the
most remote part of the Canary Islands on my own? I had wanted an adventure

and got more than I’d bargained for.
Perhaps I had been spanked for trespassing and giving head in this way was
payment for my being helped to get back to La Gomera?
I comforted myself with this thought and did that thing I know men like: I
rimmed the eye of his penis, the tip of my tongue nursing and nudging all the
nerve endings on the bulging head. He stiffened and relaxed again. He was in no
hurry. He pushed his cock back into the depths of my throat, gripped the scruff
of my hair and forced my head back and forth in slow even strokes. Just as it had
felt as if my arms were a machine as I swam to the island, now my whole body
was a machine focused on the turbine of my stretched mouth slipping and sliding
and slurping and sucking at his engorged penis.
The man started to groan and grunt. He was about to come, but at that
moment, he removed his cock and sprayed his seed over my face, into my eyes,
my nose, the sticky hot goo running down my cheeks, dripping from my chin
and landing on my breasts. After overcoming my fears and trying my best to be a
good sport sucking his cock, I felt dirty, sullied, dumbfounded. No man had ever
done this to me before. It was so degrading, so decadent, so alien to who I was.
Who I thought I was.
The man let out a long sigh and pushed his cock back into my open mouth. I
started sucking him off again, the flesh greasy and moist with his semen, and I
kept on draining that length of flesh, drawing out every last speck of sperm until
his cock grew flaccid and he withdrew.
If I thought it was over, it wasn’t. He shook his penis a couple of times, let out
another sigh, and pissed over me. It was hard at first to comprehend what was
happening as the yellow arc of hot pee struck my face and I sat there on my
knees as the liquid ran over my neck, my breasts, my waist, into my pubic hair
and down over my thighs. I wanted to move away, but I was paralysed in shock,
with horror. I closed my eyes and squeezed my nails into my palms. I couldn’t
imagine anything more degrading, more perverted, more beastly. Being pissed
over made sucking the man off and even being spanked seem normal.
He shook the drips from the tip and tossed his cock back into the folds of his
tunic. As he did this, he looked back at me and I saw in his inscrutable
expression a trace of condescension. I felt debased and demoralised, but at least I
hadn’t antagonised him. He was a man and I was a naked young girl. I had made
a mistake setting off for the island without wearing my costume and he had
taken advantage of me. It was unforgivable. It was totally unacceptable. It was
probably illegal. But it was natural, too, and more terrible imagining what had
happened there on the beach than what had actually happened.
Deep down in a secret place I would rather not have peeped into, I felt an

inexpressible sense of incredulity that I had been able to perform fellatio on a
stranger and, dare I admit it, a sense of strange obscene pleasure. Girls have
fantasies of being alone on desert islands, of being naked and having sex with
men who appear from the sea. I had lived the dream, the fantasy. Being spanked
and sucking his cock had been terrible, yet not so terrible.
But why had he pissed over me when he could have turned away and pissed
on the beach? What did this mean? Was I marked as his property as dogs mark
trees and doorways? Was it to show that I was nothing, less than nothing, that to
him I meant no more than the patch of sand where he could have aimed his
urine? I had a million questions and I was still on my knees with a stranger who
didn’t speak my language.
He squeezed my lips again and made me smile. He then said something I
didn’t understand and laughed. He leaned forward and took my bottom lip
between his thumb and finger and pressed down so hard I squealed in pain. He
laughed again, even louder. I didn’t know what this meant: was this a love ploy?
Was this how people kissed on this strange island? I didn’t know. Everything
was alien and terrifying. It was as if my past had vanished and I had at that
second been born, hatched from an egg, naked, nameless, bound at the wrists
and, paradoxically, free of all those things I had wanted to leave behind.
Freedom isn’t free at all. It comes at the highest cost.
I glanced up and the man pulled at my arm to help me stand, not easy from a
kneeling position with your hands tied behind your back. He motioned, raising
his chin towards the hill behind us. He lifted the bag with the conch shell on to
his shoulder and I could do nothing but follow, my feet burning on the hot sand,
the cactus spines spearing my ankles and calves, the man’s urine drying
pungently on my bare skin. My flesh prickled with heat and my face felt parched
as the sperm dried in a fine invisible layer trapping strands of my hair. The taste
of his seed in my mouth was like a stale olive.
I turned and peered back across the sea. There was a faint mist now. The coast
of La Gomera had disappeared as if it had never existed. I had told my parents
that I wanted to spend a few weeks on my own; to find myself, I said. It all
sounded so corny, so silly. Far from having found myself, I was more lost than
ever. Someone would come across the towel held by four stones on the beach,
my sunglasses, my dry costume, my purse with credit cards, 400 euros and my
passport. Would they hand them to the police or keep them?
Keep them, probably, I thought. That’s the way people are. That’s the way we
have become. I had left my backpack still stuffed with clothes on the floor in my
room in the pension where no one spoke English, where no one had bothered to
register my name. They would think I had travelled on and would return later for

my things. They wouldn’t want to go to the police, make a fuss, waste time.
Girls are always wandering off these days. That’s what they’ll say to themselves.
She was a foreigner. You know what they’re like. She’ll turn up. And if she
doesn’t, it’s nothing to do with us. They will put my backpack in the storeroom
and forget that I had ever existed.
The man lit a cigarette, the harsh-smelling smoke an intrusion on the clean
sweet air. We had left the sand and were walking on coarse grass thick as reeds.
I could see the tower more clearly, but no other people, no buildings, no sign of
life. The sun was stoking up the fires of early afternoon, but at least there was a
cool breeze rising off the sea.
We entered a twisted maze of low, windswept pines sharing the hillside with
giant cactuses and bushes with brilliant yellow flowers. It was all perfect, pure,
untouched, and I couldn’t understand why one of the hotel chains had not come
along and ruined it all with a resort complex, a yachting marina, a spa.
My situation with each step I took became more surreal, more difficult to get
my head around, those steps as I climbed the hill taking me further from the
certainty of who I was, who I had once been. It was beyond absurd. I was naked,
sweaty, my face coated in dried sperm, my bottom glowing after the man had
bent me over and thrashed me, something I could not have imagined ever
happening to me, to anyone, and something that had certainly never happened
before. I mean, a girl, me, in modern times being beaten in this way, not so much
to inflict pain, I realised, but to show exactly what our roles were, to show who
was the master and who was the slave.
Slave.
The very word made a lump form in my throat. I had been spanked to instil in
me a sense of discipline. I had rashly, stupidly, set out swimming naked to the
island and destiny had punished me for it.
Did I deserve to be spanked?
Certainly not. But having survived the ordeal, it wasn’t as terrible as the
upsurge of fear when that hand came down across my bottom the first time. As
the pain passed, transmuted as if my some piece of alchemical wizardry, there
was a brief mad moment when I experienced a grotesque satisfaction in being
bent over in this way without rights or choices, past or future. In pain you are
living in the present and as the pain passes there is pleasure from having endured
the pain.
What was even more astonishing, and something else I couldn’t fully grasp,
was that the beating had contained a distinctly sensual element. I had known
even as that hand came down again and again on my bottom, I had felt
intuitively, instinctively, subconsciously, I’m not sure how, but I had known the

man was beating me in this way to prepare me for all that was to follow. He
wasn’t trying to hurt me. He was breaking my will.
When I went down on my knees to let his cock slip into my open throat, it was
such a relief from being spanked, not only did it provide pleasure for the man,
there was in me a contradictory gratification made preposterous as his semen
burst from his cock and exploded over my face. Bobby had never done anything
like that and perhaps if he had we would still have been together.
I felt ashamed to have these thoughts and wondered where they could have
come from. Being naked strips away more than your clothes, it reveals unknown
facets of your true nature. I had thought of myself as a career girl, independent, a
climber on the slippery pole of achievement and success. But really, I was just as
happy to let others make the decisions, to follow where the road of life led rather
than trying to hack out my own individual path. Had the stranger seen something
in me I had not known existed? Did he look at me and see a girl who wanted to
be pissed on?
The suggestion was mortifying. I pushed such thoughts from my mind and
concentrated as we climbed to the top of the hill. I glanced back again. The mist
was thicker. La Gomera had gone, vanished from the landscape. It struck me that
no one in the world had any idea where I was. I had heard of girls disappearing
and now I knew how it happened. They did something stupid. One wrong turn
leads as if by the law of cause and effect to the next. And once you stray from
the path, it is all but impossible to ever find your way back.
The man changed the bag from one shoulder to the other and turned
occasionally to nod. I found myself nodding and smiling back at him. It is
inexcusable, I know. I had been used in the most outrageous way. I was totally
vulnerable, humiliated, in grave danger and grateful like a beaten dog for this jot
of human connection.

Two
The Boat
WHEN WE REACHED THE tower the man stopped, put his bag down and the way he
shaded his eyes and looked out over the sea could have been a caricature of me
on La Gomera peering out towards the island, an imitation of everyone who
stares at the horizon and wishes they were some place else.
He kept looking, but there was nothing to see but the unending waves of the
ocean, the great vastness of it all making the island appear transient and exposed,
one giant swelling tide and it would be gone, wiped from the map, perhaps the
tower remaining to remind seafarers of the impermanence of all things, even
those we hold as true and dear.
I looked back the way we had come as if at the past and knew that, even when
I returned, I would not be the same, that my life had already changed, each step
that I took invisibly unpicking and remaking the fabric of my being. When I set
out for the island with nothing, not even my clothes, it was as if I had thrown
myself on fate. It was fate that would now deliver me into the reality of who I
was, not who I pretended to be, that multiple persona who changed for Bobby,
my parents, for old friends, my colleagues at work, for celebrities I met through
my job.
We are all chameleons acting out different roles, trying to find the role that
suits us best. As I stood at the top of the hill in that unknown place, it felt as if
the atoms and cells of my body were at that very moment dividing and
reforming, that another version of myself was rising to the surface and, like a
negative in a tray of chemicals, a more authentic picture of that girl who had set
out in search of adventure was about to appear. I was terrified of the man, of the
power he had over me, but my fear was contained in a heightened sense of self.
Within my fear, I experienced a sense of being at centre stage, no longer an
observer watching life, but the star of my own implausible production.
The air blustering about the tower was briny and pure and tasted as if it had
been charged with an extra shot of oxygen. Just as we had stopped at the tower,
the sun seemed to have stopped in its progress across the sky, the slow steady

heat baking my skin and putting a vibrant tint on the colours of everything
around me: the sea and sky, the black rock, the green cactus plants, the intense
red and yellow blooms of wild flowers. It was as if the veil had been lifted from
my eyes and I was seeing everything more clearly. Far out to sea the faint mist
was turning to cloud and I thought there would be a storm when night fell.
The tower was a little taller than me and was probably the remains of an
ancient lighthouse. It was circular and made of blocks of stone cut from the rock.
The island, too, was perfectly circular, the tower like a pert nipple on the low
hill.
The sensuality of the landscape, the fact of being naked in the sun, was
inhibiting my judgment, lessening my fears. I dug my nails once more into my
palms to wake myself up, to remind myself what had happened to me. This
wasn’t a holiday romance, a diversion. I was a prisoner, beaten and abused. It
was hard to keep that fact lodged in the front of my mind, even with my bottom
tingling still, even with the taste of the man’s sperm in my mouth.
It was so weird having been bent over by a stranger and spanked, so bizarre
having his urine drying on my skin, my conscious mind seemed to be rejecting
that fact and dwelling on the beauty of nature, the warmth of the day, the wild
flowers, the scent of the sea air. I had to keep my wits about me. I didn’t want to
antagonise my captor. The worst that he could do to me he had surely already
done. I had to go along with him without complaint, lull him into a sense of
security until I found a way to escape.
I took a deep breath and calmed myself. If there was a bright side, and usually
there is, I hadn’t been harmed, not really, and if nothing else I was getting the
overall tan I’d always wanted. The thought went through me and I shuddered
with the shame of my own stupidity. Escape. That was the only answer.
The man still scanned the horizon, for what I wondered, a boat, the past, a
message?
From the tower, I could see at the bottom of the hill the roofs of some
buildings and, as we set off down the rugged path towards them, I wasn’t sure if
I should feel more afraid or faintly relieved. Surely, there would be someone
there who could help me? Someone who spoke English. Girls can’t just be
tethered, led around without any clothes on, used as a urinal. I had decided to
behave myself for now, but when I was free to report the man, bring him to
justice, get my revenge.
My resolve made putting one unshod foot before the other easier as the path
curved down to the sea. We walked along the dunes above the beach. The
buildings turned out to be two sheds that could have been built from driftwood
and thrown up by the wind. They were roofed in corrugated plastic sheets of

different colours and I imagined those, too, had been carried to shore on the tide.
Beyond the sheds in a grove of bent pines I could now see several huts built
from black stone with thatched roofs. They seemed to be abandoned and mostly
in ruins. If there had ever been a community on the island it had long since gone.
Beyond the first shed, there was a bay hidden from view below a wall of rock.
The inlet was ringed with volcanic outcroppings coated in cockle shells, which
made a natural harbour and protected the black sand beach where the remains of
three old fishing boats lay like dead animals on their sides. There were two
rubber Zodiacs, heavily patched, looking anything but seaworthy, one half in and
half out of the water, the other pulled up on the sand.
As we drew closer to the bay, I began to think we were completely alone, just
the two of us, and was processing the implications of this when another man
popped up from behind the beached Zodiac. He had been working on the
outboard motor and shook his head in an irritated gesture that revealed that
whatever he had been trying to do, he had not been able to do it. He approached,
wiping oil from his hands with a greasy rag. He said something to my man, and
they didn’t exactly shake hands, but touched their fingers lightly together.
The newcomer was dressed in a similar fashion as the beachcomber in a black
tunic and matching black turban. He was younger with a precise pointed beard
and clear lively eyes that studied me with the concentrated gaze of a scientist
looking at a rare specimen through a microscope. He said something and the
other man laughed. The younger man pinched my narrow waist as if to show
there wasn’t much meat on me and then took a grip on my breasts, turning to the
other man as if to say they at least were satisfactory.
They carried on talking and I wasn’t sure what to do, what to say. Their
language was completely unknown to me; with French, Spanish, Italian, even
German I could have understood something, but their guttural sounds held no
clue to their meaning and I was trying to follow the conversation by studying
their impenetrable features. They moved down the beach to look more closely at
the open outboard and I followed automatically, as if my will had gone. When
they finished discussing the problems with the motor, I plucked up the courage
and took a step closer to the man in the black tunic.
‘Can you help me, please,’ I said. ‘Do you speak English? Habla usted
español? Parlez vous francais?’
He stood back as if in shock and shouted at me, waving his fist as if I had
done some terrible thing. He then spoke to the beachcomber and they both
laughed.
‘I haven’t done anything,’ I said.
The man in black stared at me, sealed my lips with a stiff greasy finger and

said a single word I did understand. ‘Shush,’ he hissed.
He then waved his finger at me as you may wave a finger at a naughty puppy.
That’s what I was in their eyes. I was secured by a leather thong, a dog being
trained to behave itself. I stared at the man and he stared back until I lowered my
eyes.
My captor removed the conch shell from his bag and the man in black turned
it through his hands like a connoisseur with a rare gemstone. He examined the
pink glaze on the inner lip of the shell, running the tips of his fingers over the
smooth surface. He looked up and, as our eyes met, I knew instinctively what
was going through his mind. He gave the conch back to the other man and then
did something revolting and inexcusable. He ran the side of his hand like a saw
between my legs, opening the pink lips of my vagina. I tried to back away, but
his hand slid around my waist and he held me still as he wormed his fingers up
inside me. He removed his hand and showed me his palm slicked and shiny with
discharge. I couldn’t believe he had done this and I couldn’t understand why I
was wet.
The man rubbed his fingers together, held them to his nose and stared at me at
the same time. I would have slapped him across the face, but couldn’t with my
hands tied behind my back. I understood how controlling this is, that with your
hands bound in this way you can really do nothing but accept what happens to
you just as the wind-bent pines bend to the prevailing wind. I was gritting my
teeth. My knees felt weak. My heart was pounding in my chest. I had thought as
I stood at the foot of the tower that being in the hands of fate was liberating, but
it was confining, too. I was imprisoned by the whims and lusts of others.
The two men now started arguing, shrugging, raising their voices, turning
away and turning back again. This went on for several minutes. The man in
black was punching the palm of his hand. The beachcomber was shaking his
head and making a clucking sound with his tongue.
‘Agh. Agh. Agh,’ he kept saying.
The man in black finally took out some money, three or four folded notes, and
slapped them down on the side of the Zodiac. My man looked at the money,
shook his head and the other man angrily grabbed the money, stuck it back in his
tunic and went back to work on the outboard motor.
We turned away and were making our way towards the sheds when the man in
black shouted what sounded like a terrible insult. My man stopped, threw up his
palms as if in defeat and we returned once again. The man repairing the motor
wiped his hands on the same filthy cloth, drew out his money and counted out
five 10 euro notes that the beachcomber squirreled away in his blue tunic.
It was only at that moment that I realised that the two men had not been

shouting at each other in anger. They were bartering over the price for that
bonded piece of bric-a-brac. I was valued at 50 euros, the price of a meal in a
good Barcelona restaurant.
Had I been sold, I wondered? Or was this a rental? Was I now a hooker and
the man in blue my pimp? Was this how he made his living, searching for conch
shells with pink lips and stray girls washed up on the beach? Was that what I had
become, an object to be sold or hired or exchanged?
Yes, that’s exactly what I was. I had stopped being the girl who catches the
bus along the Fulham Road with its cinemas and antique shops and bars and
restaurants. I was no longer the girl who, with the toss of her long blonde hair
and her pouty lips, had entrée to every club in the West End. I was no longer one
half of a happening item. I was merchandise in the market. I was a slave like the
people once stolen from Africa.
The younger man studied his prize. He felt my breasts, did that revolting thing
of running his hand between my legs and, as if I were a horse, he even looked at
my teeth; the only thing that appeared to impress him, good private dentistry and
not one single filling.
‘Please, please don’t …’
‘Shush,’ he said.
He took out a worn knife with an ivory handle and a curved blade that
gleamed in the sun. He turned me around and slashed through the leather thong
binding my wrist. He then pushed me down over the rounded hull of the Zodiac.
He said something which I assumed was ‘don’t move,’ and I lay there with my
bottom in the air and my waist resting over the thick rubber sides of the
inflatable boat.
The beachcomber, my owner, had moved around the bay and sat in the shade
of one of the beached fishing boats with a clear view of the action. He crossed
his legs and lit another cigarette.
The younger man used his foot to spread my legs wider and I had never felt
more exposed, more ashamed, with my bottom in the air, still smarting from
being spanked, and my wet pussy pushing through my thighs. The man started
massaging and smacking my bottom; not hard, but what on another occasion I
may have described as playfully. I heard him spit. As his moistened finger
pressed at the delicate ring of my anus, a surge of fierce, uncontrollable anger
rose up through me. I pushed myself up from the Zodiac, turned and slapped him
across the face.
The sound rang out like a gunshot. I heard a bird lift on flapping wings from
the undergrowth and fly like a stray thought across the empty sky.
The man didn’t look angry. He was amused. He lifted his hand to slap me

back and, as I raised my hands to protect my face, he slapped my breasts, first
one breast, then the other. I am not sure why this was so shocking, but it was. I
hit him again, and he hit me again, two swift blows as if my breasts were
punching bags. Tears streamed from my eyes and a scream rose into my throat.
‘You bastard,’ I cried.
I rushed at him. I got my hands around his throat and tried to throttle him. But
men are always stronger. He took a firm grip on my wrists, pulled my hands
down, turned me around and shoved me back against the black rubber Zodiac.
The beachcomber was grinning, his brown teeth on show, the cigarette in the
crook of his fingers.
I caught a glimpse of the man in black as he stepped away from the Zodiac
and grabbed a curving strip of bamboo from what looked like the remains of a
beached lobster trap. He snapped the bamboo in half and I heard the twotongued cane come down through the air with a screeching sound that made me
shudder. He did it again once more and, the third time, the cane bit like the teeth
of a serpent into the soft flesh of my bottom.
I wailed in agony. I wasn’t going to take this. I pushed myself up again, my
fists clenched, but before I could hit him, the man caught me by the shoulders,
held me still and stared into my eyes. He spoke slowly, his voice low and
threatening. It didn’t matter that I couldn’t understand a word. He turned me
round and pushed me back against the side of the Zodiac, the weight of my body
springing me back up and, as it did so, that terrible cane came down once more,
the two sinewy fingers biting into my flesh, the pain like no pain I could ever
have imagined or will ever be able to fully describe: a pure, unmodified pain, the
pain of loss, perhaps, a pain beyond the physical, a pain that touches your soul
and reshapes the strands of your DNA.
What fight there was in me had gone. I lay slumped on the black rubber hull
of the boat, tears falling from my eyes, snot falling from my nose, my body
trembling involuntarily. I had to take this, I had to take everything and, when the
moment was right, when fate was on my side, I would flee. If it took the whole
of my life, I would escape.
The bamboo cane rose up again, the air split like ripping fabric, and two
lightning stripes of sheer agony carved their cruel message into my flesh. It felt
as if the first four pairs of smarting wounds were kindling and the last two twins
of evil lit a forest fire that burned up my spine and down over my thighs. My
body was coated in sweat and I could smell the pungent whiff of the
beachcomber’s piss coming back to life on my clammy skin. Somewhere at the
back of my mind was the fleeting thought that having my bottom spanked and
sucking off the man who had found me on the beach hadn’t been so bad after all;

that there had been a perverse pleasure in the obscenity of being defiled in this
way.
I was aware that the man behind me was lifting the cane one more time, but
before it came down across my bottom, the beachcomber shouted at him. There
was a moment’s pause, the earth stood still, and the man in black tossed the
instrument of torture back on the sand.
A wave of gratitude went through me as my cheeks were prised apart and the
man’s cock entered my pussy as a shark glides through the sea. I should have
been dry and tense. I wasn’t. I was an ocean. I don’t know why. I was drenched
with sweat and fruity discharge. The man’s erection slid into the depths of my
vaginal passage, he drew back and pushed in again, the springy side of the
Zodiac making the action effortless, even graceful.
Something had happened to me. Some wires had crossed. The pain from being
beaten with that cane was beyond words, but the pain immediately began to
diminish. It was as if my mind and body had drifted apart. I hated the man. I felt
abused, ashamed, hysterical. And yet, and yet, my body felt a relief, from the
pain, yes, but also from all the pent up fears and anxieties and uncertainties of
life.
This man, this stranger, was fucking me. Fucking me. Fucking me. In and out.
In and out.
Fucking me.
Fucking me.
It wasn’t a word I ever used for the act of making love. But we weren’t
making love. I was being fucked. And I realised that I had never been fucked
before. This was a first. I had lost my virginity before I left school. There had
been several boys since then, not that many, not compared with most of my
friends. But that was the problem. They were boys. They didn’t know what
foreplay was. They didn’t know how a girl’s body reacts to different stimulus.
And I didn’t know either. Not until now.
I had been terrified, beaten, despoiled and now I was being well and truly
fucked. The pressure from his thrusting penis was nursing and nudging my
clitoris and I realised with horror that I was pushing back, I was spreading my
thighs wider and drawing him in deeper. I wanted more. I wanted his hard cock
to tease and tickle all those nerve endings and pleasure points that had never
been reached before.
Fuck me. Fuck me. Fuck me.
I heard the words echo round the little bay and over the sea and couldn’t
believe it was my voice coming back to me.
Fuck me. Fuck me. Fuck me.

The man in black gripped my hip bone in one hand and began to slap the side
of my bottom with the other hand like he was clutching a riding crop and driving
a horse to the finishing line, the beat of those slaps keeping pace with the
pumping thrust of his cock and the pounding rhythm of my heart.
Fuck me. Fuck me. Fuck me.
My voice was a whisper now. My mind had gone to mush. My body didn’t
belong to me. It belonged to that driving hard length of oiled cock drilling into
the depths of my soul. My eyes were closed. I was biting my bottom lip. This
was the fuck of my life.
He started to come and, at that precise moment, I had my first real climax. My
body shook and went into spasm. My breath came in short, sharp gasps and, to
my eternal shame, I screamed not in pain but in pleasure as that cruel cock
ignited my orgasm.
Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes.
I was quivering, wiggling my ass, my vagina muscles holding on to that cock
like it was a hand reaching out in the darkness. He took hold of my hipbones, he
pushed into me as hard as he could, and I had a sense that while thrashing me
with the cane and fucking me from behind had only been for his own bestial
pleasure, he was now allowing me to ride the last fading ripples of my orgasm
before he withdrew.
He fell across my back, satisfied and exhausted. I lay beneath his weight,
shuddering and ashamed. What the hell was happening to me? A man beats my
backside with a stick and then I start coming in a tidal wave, the little
aftershocks still running through my trembling body. His cock was still stiff
inside me and I felt our juices trickle down my thighs. He said something and
there was laughter in his voice as he pushed himself up from me. He slapped me,
not that hard, but enough to awaken the pain in those ten razor welts scored
across my bottom and the contractions from my orgasm let go with another little
rumble like the last seismic shifts from an earthquake.
The beachcomber had come to his feet. He looked impressed, with me or the
man in black, I wasn’t sure. I closed my eyes and lowered my head. I had done
something depraved and wicked. Surely beaten girls don’t have orgasms when
they are violated by strangers. Was I a freak? Was I a fallen woman fit for
nothing but fucking? What had happened to me since I scrambled ashore on this
degenerate little island?
My stomach was wet with sweat and I slipped down over the black rubber hull
of the boat on to my knees. I remained there, panting for breath, and then stood
defiantly to face the man who had thrashed me.
‘Satisfied?’ I said.

He must have guessed what it meant and shouted something to the other man.
Best fifty euros I’ll ever spend?
That’s what I imagined he remarked, but of course he could just as well have
said, not worth the money, you old crook!
He looked back at me, grabbed his own crotch, said something open to myriad
interpretations and laughed.
It occurred to me that, had the men been English, or even spoken English,
what they had done to me would have been even more of an indignity, that the
absence of any other mode of communication made using me in this brutish
manner the only logical form of communication when two lone men on a
deserted island come unexpectedly upon a naked girl. Would two Englishmen or
two Americans on an island with an African or Oriental girl have behaved the
same way? I think they probably would.
As I had already construed, my nudity was an open invitation few men would
have turned down, my breasts with prominent nipples, my saucy bottom that had
been slapped by strangers in night clubs on more than one occasion, much to my
annoyance and Bobby’s amusement. My own craven, immodest display was
bound to get me into trouble, and I must have known that when I threw my
sunglasses back on my towel and set off like Christopher Columbus into the
unknown.
Why did the men both beat me before sticking their dicks into my body? Was
it to make me more receptive, more submissive to their demands? I knew that
there was an erotic side to spanking and corporal punishment, like with anal sex
and threesomes, and all girls think about those things. But I would never in a
million years have thought it would happen to me. It was weird and worrying
that I had been so wet before the man in black released in me that astonishing
orgasm. And why now did I feel so energised; so contented?
The questions ran without answers in a continuous loop through my thoughts.
My body hummed like a recharged battery. Sperm trickled down the insides of
my legs. The bird that had flown out from the undergrowth returned to its former
position as if to show that the world was once more in balance. The man who
had fucked me made his way towards one of the fishing boats where he pissed
over the flaking paint of the hull. At least he’s well-mannered, I thought. The
beachcomber was making his way towards the sheds, each step taking him
further away from me.
I watched the beachcomber. I looked back at the man pissing. This was my
chance.
I turned and ran across the sand into the sea, striking out and swimming in a
fast crawl, legs kicking, my body filled with strange energy. I must have been

about a hundred yards from shore when it occurred to me that I had crossed the
island. I wasn’t swimming back to La Gomera, but out into the empty ocean.
Next stop the Statue of Liberty. I paused, treading water, and looked back.
The men were standing on the beach, eyes shaded like two figures in a still
life. I could see tendrils of grey smoke drifting from their mouths. If they were
concerned as they smoked their cigarettes, they didn’t show it. They must have
known that I would see the futility of this attempt at escape and turn back. If I
had tried to circle the island, they would put to sea in the Zodiac that obviously
had a functioning outboard.
My flight had been useless, but I enjoyed it anyway. I had made a show of
courage and independence. The salt water washed the old beachcomber’s piss
from my body and douched the other man’s sperm from my vagina. The sting
was fading from the welts across my bottom. I felt clean and revitalised. They
were stronger than me. They could hurt me, abuse me, fuck me. But they hadn’t
broken me. My time would come, I thought, as I swam lazily back to shore.
They watched, expressionless, unconcerned. Unless I could steal one of those
boats, there was no escape from the island.
The man in black went back to repairing the outboard on the Zodiac and I
followed the other man towards the shed above the dunes. He paused at the
entrance and, as he scanned the horizon, I couldn’t help wondering if, when I
had been swimming out to sea, the two men hadn’t been observing me at all, but
were watching the horizon for the same illusive something the man who’d
captured me seemed to have been looking for when we paused earlier at the
tower. That illusive something on the sea could only be a boat and again I felt
confident that help was on the way.
I looked up at the sky. The sun was still immobile. It had seemed as if a
lifetime had passed since I swam away from La Gomera, but it was probably no
more than a few hours, three at the most. It must have been a little after midday
when I first saw that speck of rock out in the sea. Now, I was getting hungry and
would have adored a late lunch, some grilled prawns and fresh bread with olive
oil, a cold glass of white wine, a siesta.
Inside the shed the smell of fish lingered on the dry air but it was clearly long
ago when that shed had last been used by fishermen to sort their catch. Along
one wall, supported by posts, was a wide shelf at table height. Below the shelf,
flat wooden crates were stacked up, the sides stamped with the curlicue lettering
of an alphabet I had never seen before; Arabic, perhaps, although it could have
been from the language of the people who must once have lived in the black
stone huts beyond the bay.
All along the shelf, like a display in a museum, were hundreds of objects that

had washed ashore, wooden chests, some ancient with engraved brass stays and
locks; porcelain cups, aluminium candlesticks, oil lamps; a painting I was sure
was the work of Picasso; plastic and alabaster figures, toy soldiers; a spear, a
bow, a quiver of arrows. There was a big copper kettle ornamented in brass –
Russian, I thought; some small barrels marked Jerez and bottles like strange
works of art in various shapes and shades, the glass glistening in the light
angling through the plastic sheeting. Above the display on a narrow shelf where
knives and gutting tools would no doubt have once been kept, was a line of china
dolls and rubber dolls, mostly naked, their blue and green and brown unblinking
eyes following me as I moved along the exhibit.
At the far end of the shelf was an arrangement of sea shells, judiciously
chosen and displayed, each with its own colouring and contours, unique like
fingerprints. The beachcomber unpacked the conch from his bag and the way he
set it down and moved it fractionally for best effect showed a sensitivity that was
all the more surprising seeing how after sucking his cock he had pissed on me.
He turned back from the display with a look of pride and for some reason I
smiled. He said something, his expression like a painter at a gallery opening, and
seemed to appreciate my nod of approval.
‘You’re a genius,’ I said, and he revealed his row of brown broken teeth as he
grinned.
From the shelf above the display, he found a length of leather thong and
removed the pendant from his tunic. As he fastened the pendant around his neck,
I noticed that it was a gold coin with the raised head of what looked like a
conquistador. He saw that I was studying the medallion and repeated that gesture
with his thumb and fingers to show that it was worth a lot more than 50 euros.
On the other side of the shed, some stone blocks taken, I suspected, from the
abandoned huts, had been set up to create a hearth. On the wall, among a heap of
blackened pots and wooden spoons, was a calendar from the year 2000 showing,
of all things, a photograph of the Twin Towers in New York, and I remembered
being 13 and starting at senior school, the new millennium arriving with its
uncertainty and symbolism. The picture of the towers seemed prophetic in that
shed somewhere off the coast of Africa and I wondered if in being there –
hanging from a rusty nail – there was some significance other than expressing
for the beachcomber an enduring idea of home.
As he broke kindling to light a fire, he noticed there was insufficient wood
and, fluttering his hand, sent me out to collect more. As I made my way towards
the exit, he called and pointed at the sacking bag. His body language as he spoke
reminded me of my mother and seemed to say think before you act, or look
before you leap, as she was always telling me.

After being inside the shed, the light outside was brilliant and I missed my
sunglasses; I missed my sunglasses more than I missed my clothes. The bay was
littered with wood and, as I filled the bag, I was overwhelmed once more by
conflicting emotions. I should have been neurotic and trembling with fear, but
my fear appeared to have gone. I wasn’t exactly happy, that would be an
exaggeration, but neither was I downcast being there on the beach stretching my
limbs, breathing the clean air, the tide receding behind a ring of seaweed
humming with tiny flies. That other girl, the one in the denim skirt and red heels,
was a million miles away and from out of those cute little costumes of the
chrysalis a butterfly had emerged in a suit of new colours; a wild creature being
slowly tamed, a naked girl with perspiration glistening on her skin and an
inexplicable feeling of contentment in her belly.
After being bent over the hull of the boat and fucked to a braying climax, it
didn’t exactly feel natural walking about naked, but it didn’t seem to matter
much either. When I had first set off swimming to the island without wearing a
costume, I had felt daring. Then I began to feel ashamed. Now, my shame was
vague as I noted that the man in black working on the Evinrude motor didn’t
even bother to look at me as I was bending over next to him to gather another
piece of wood. After being fucked and beaten, nothing worse could happen. I
wasn’t safe. But I didn’t feel as if I were in danger either. I was just being; living
in the present without a past and the future uncertain, as the future always is.
The bag was full and my man in blue looked pleased as I unloaded it next to
the fire. He added the wood to the flames, placed a huge metal pot on the
improvised grill and poured in water from a large plastic bottle that was new, not
washed ashore, and my confidence that a boat would soon be arriving put a
spring in my step when the man waved me back out to collect more wood.
On the far side of the fishing boat furthest from the shed, the hull was torn
open and I pulled off some long dry planks, making the hole bigger. I crawled
inside with some daft idea that I might find something to help in my escape, but
there was nothing there and the big crab that scurried by almost scared me to
death. I pushed my way out, took a peep at the man in black, he was still
absorbed by the faulty motor, and squatted down to pee, the first chance I’d had
to do so in private. I gave myself a little shake, there was no paper, and it was an
odd pleasure relieving myself in the open air. The smell of my pee was rich and
spicy, and I could understand why boys on country walks were always pulling
out their dicks and spraying trees.
The sky above was clear blue like a sheet of silk. I wriggled my toes in the
black sand. I was anxious to return to my old life, even though I knew my old
life would never be the same again. I wanted to get away, I was dying to get

away, but as I sat at that moment on the sand watching a seagull skimming the
surface of the waves, I experienced a complete calm, an inner stillness in
absolute contrast to how I should have been feeling. Had a man violated me on
La Gomera, I would have been crazed with rage and anger; I would have felt
degraded, used, ruined. But here in this unknown place, all rules and certainties
had changed, evolved or regressed. Without money, a passport, my mobile,
without a stitch of clothing, what mattered wasn’t what these two men thought of
me, what I imagined other people may have thought, or what I thought of
myself. Like natives who run naked in the jungle, like nomads in primitive
times, nothing mattered except survival. I had never faced a real challenge and
my determination to survive now made me feel totally alive and living in the
present tense.
I felt my breasts. They were firm, my nipples a deep dark red and jutting out
like two hard knuckles. Little spasms were still erupting in my vagina, a pulsing
sensation like the sparkles left from fireworks. As I thought about the man
gliding into my wet pussy my heart beat faster and the breath caught in my
throat. It was specious and shameful. I had been beaten into submission only to
discover that there was promiscuous pleasure to be found in being taken against
your will.
It was hard to reconcile the gravity of my situation with my body’s serene
response. I was a little English girl with two wild men. They could kill me,
weigh me down with stones, feed me to the fish. Whatever they wanted to do to
me, I couldn’t stop them. But I knew deep down that all they wanted to do is
what men always want to do, and that is treat a woman like an object and fuck
her until she screams in ecstasy, her moment of rapture a mark of their virility
and power. I was certain every man in every night club in the West End would
want to do the same as those two men, and I had made it easy by appearing on
the island naked without a word to explain myself in their language.
My bottom felt warm, not tender, but glowing, a tacit reminder of being
flogged. I rolled back and sprang to my feet in one flowing motion. I twisted
round, brushed away the sand, and the six red stripes that marked my flesh
appeared like a stigmata, like the brand owners apply to animals and slaves to
show who they belong to.
It was time to go back to work. I filled the bag, collected the strip of cane that
had been used on my bottom and carried the load back to the shed with some
strips of planking balanced on one shoulder. The man in blue gave me a nod of
approval, stoked up the fire, and I watched as he pulled vegetables from sacks
and diced them in swift, practised movements. There were green peppers, heads
of garlic, onions, tomatoes, corn on the cob and some long misshapen roots. He

tossed the corn husks into the fire but nothing else was wasted, peel and seeds,
everything went into a big iron skillet with some oil and a pinch of red pepper
from a jar. The smell soon rising into the air reminded me that I was starving.
He gave me a wooden spoon and I stirred the rice boiling in the big pot. There
was sufficient food to feed a small army and I wanted to ask why we were was
cooking so much, why he had pissed on me, why he had stopped the other man
beating me after three blows from that cane I now fed with pointless triumph
into the fire. I had a desire to talk, but had no language in which to do so, and
anyway my companion was content humming to himself as he turned the
vegetables in the skillet. I hummed, too, finding his tune, and he jiggled his
shoulders rhythmically as he glanced at me, his expression that of a parent happy
to be working with his child. We hummed together as if without a care in the
world, smoke filling the fish shed, and I couldn’t recall ever having gone so long
without talking.
At work, we didn’t read the books we promoted. We read the synopses, we
leafed through the author profiles, and we chatted over cappuccinos with
cinnamon buns and almond croissants. P.R. is all talk, talk, talk; my life was a
whirlpool of tittle-tattle and chatter. Everyone was hungry for each grubby little
crumb of gossip and rumour, drawing it corrosively into our souls from the
mouths of friends, the radio, magazines, the newspaper where Bobby worked.
We were talking without listening to each other or to that voice inside that must
have conveyed me to the Canary Islands, stripped my costume from my limbs
and urged me to swim across the ocean from the known to the unknown; from
security to danger. I was standing there barefoot and naked beside that man in
the scruffy blue tunic because a secret version of myself must have wanted it to
be that way.
He tasted the rice, his expression saying it was nearly done. It was then that
we heard the roar of an engine and it seemed as if the relief felt by the man
cooking was contagious and I felt it too; everything was progressing as it should,
the food would soon be on the table, the machine was working; within the
confines of my present existence, harmony had been restored.
We rushed outside. The man in black looked pleased, but he didn’t punch the
air as do game-show contestants when they answer some inane question or
tennis players when they score a point. It was just as well, as the engine
immediately spluttered and died. The man called, my companion tapped my
bottom with the flat of his hand, and I ran down the beach to see what was
wanted. The mechanic turned the key again, the engine fired and, conversing in
sign language, while I nursed the throttle, easing the rubber grip back and forth,
he ducked under the engine cowling with a screwdriver and made adjustments

until the motor was running smoothly. He stood straight, waiting for a few
moments, looking intently at the engine, then closed the clasp on the cowling.
He said something, his voice sharp, then made scissors with two fingers and
pointed at his eyes so that I watched as he turned off the engine, unhooked the
orange cable holding the key and slung the cable around his neck.
Perhaps he had bought me for 50 euros and as my new owner was making
sure I understood that there was no escape.
I followed him back up the beach. In the shed there were two plastic jerry cans
filled with gasoline. He shoved a pole through the two handles and we carried
them together, one at each end. I was at the front and could feel his eyes on my
back, on the red welts he’d placed on my bottom with the cane since turned to
ash in the flames. We put one of the plastic containers in the boat he had just
repaired. When we placed the can in the other boat further down the beach, he
went through the same ritual, pointing at his eyes, removing the key and hanging
it on the cord around his neck.
‘Yes, dear, I got the point the first time,’ I said, and he stared at me until I
looked away.
The tide had receded far out beyond the bay and a strip of black sand stretched
around us like a velvet band of the sort I wore during my preppy period before
university. We ambled down to the water’s edge where crabs were emerging
from the hard sand. We stared out to sea. He grinned and pointed.
I could just make out the shape of a boat heading towards us from a point at
the centre of the horizon. The man shaded his eyes and glanced up at the sun as
if to judge how long it was going to be before the boat arrived. He wasn’t
wearing a watch and I imagined his life was driven by the motions of the sun and
moon, the stars and tides, by the forces of nature, that the way he had beaten and
penetrated me was a demonstration of passion more than violence. He said
something, then rubbed his stomach, asking it seemed if I were hungry, and I
nodded eagerly. Like the older man, in his eyes I saw the expression one might
have for a child, a look incompatible with the fact that I was a grown woman and
happened to be stark naked.
We made our way back to the shed. The older man had laid out three plates.
He served a small portion of rice with the vegetables on two metal dishes, then
heaped a generous portion on a porcelain plate with a Chinese scene in dark
blue. He gave me the pretty plate. He said something to the other man and, when
they both chuckled with laughter, I tried to read their banter in their body
language. Now that each in his own way had left his seed on me, they displayed
no interest in me sexually and treated me merely as a curiosity as Europeans
during the age of discovery must have shown the indigenous peoples brought

back from the jungles of Africa or the crumbling cities of South America to be
exhibited in music halls and travelling shows.
We went outside, out of the smoke, and sat cross-legged on the sand watching
the boat growing larger as it approached. There were no forks or spoons and,
copying the men, I made little balls with the rice and vegetables and popped the
food in my mouth. Not only my body, my taste buds seemed to have burst into
life and nothing I had ever eaten before had tasted quite so marvellous. I ate
quickly, hot oil dribbled from my fingers on to my breasts and the momentary
sting on my bare flesh was a reminder of what it is to be fully alive.
When I had finished, the man in blue indicated the shed with his thumb,
pointing behind him, and I went hurrying inside like Oliver Twist hungry for
more.
When I returned, the two men were still eating their modest rations. They
appeared to chew each grain of rice, savouring the food, and I realised I had a lot
to learn, that in my cappuccino life I always left two thirds of the almond
croissant, the pizza crusts, the glass of white wine I didn’t want even when I
ordered it. My friends and I and everyone talked about the melting ice caps and
vanishing forests without doing anything more than talk. We consumed and
chattered and contacted the BBC and the cable channels to promise that this
author and that author was a witty raconteur, hilarious but at the same time deep
and interesting, really great television. Even in the book business you are selling
dreams.
My belly was swollen by the time I had finished and I stretched out on the
sand staring up at the sky. When the men lit up, I fancied a cigarette and lay
there breathing in their smoke. I ran my palms over my tummy and felt like a
turkey that was being fattened for Christmas.
Why, when the men ate so little, had I been given a heaped plate of food and
then, like a fat girl at boarding school, gone scurrying off for seconds? Why had
I been given the one china plate? They were mocking me, having fun, I decided.
As the white European, would I not normally expect special treatment? Didn’t
we as a people always take the best and leave the scraps for the natives?
Now I was the native. With the stripping away of my clothes, I had been
stripped of identity, a past, of preconceptions. I was stuffing my belly because I
didn’t know where the next meal was coming from. I possessed nothing. I wore
nothing. I was nothing. I was grateful for the plate of food, for the feel of the
warm sun on my skin, for any small kindness.

Three
Escape
THE BOAT WAS RUST-COLOURED, probably an old fishing vessel, although it looked
as if it had been patched together from the cannibalised parts of many boats. At
the stern, the flag moving idly on the breeze was from a country I couldn’t
identify, the pale configuration on a dark background suggesting the Skull and
Crossbones and making me wonder if on my long swim I had slipped through a
time warp into NeverLand.
The tide had gone out another hundred yards or so and the boat dropped
anchor almost as far again beyond the low-water mark. A spiral of fumes rose up
in a pale corkscrew, the motor booming like a heartbeat that echoed over the sea,
the sound intrusive after the long hours of silence; there was no electricity on the
island, no wailing radios or fizzing neon, no car horns or rowdy crowds.
When the motor died, the fumes dispersed and there was a momentary calm
before the lap of the waves and the night birds continued their song. The sun was
going down, staining the sky orange, but the light lingered and from where I
stood between the two men I could see people emerging on deck, the numbers
swelling until the side of the boat was a wall of bodies like passengers waiting
for a delayed train on the Underground. A white dinghy was lowered over the
side and, while some of the men loaded it with sacks and containers of water,
others climbed one at a time down a rope ladder into the sea.
They waded towards us through waist deep water like survivors from a
shipwreck. They were carrying sports bags, rucksacks, baskets, parcels tied with
twine; I saw one man in a shiny suit and tie balancing a well-travelled suitcase
on his head. As they left the boat, they appeared as silhouettes, one
indistinguishable from the next, but as they drew closer I saw that the people
coming ashore were weary Africans, black as ebony, some with tribal marks
scarred into their cheeks and foreheads, the whites of their eyes vivid in the
fading light.
Behind the men were four women in bright dresses and headscarfs. The first
moved nimbly down the rope ladder. One of the men on board leaned over the

deck and dropped an infant into her outstretched arms in the same casual way
that his two companions were lowering sacks to the man in the dinghy. The
other three women were having difficulty negotiating the rope ladder and the
same man climbed down, either to help or hurry them along.
Once they were off the boat, the women moved towards us with the slow
rhythm of buoys bobbing on the tide. When they were closer, I realised that the
three women were pregnant, their great bellies swollen to the point that I thought
one or all of them might at any moment have given birth right there in the sea.
As the men waded ashore, my first thought was that I was the only white
person among those dark-skinned people. Then it struck me like a revelation,
like the sudden lash from a bamboo cane, that I alone was without clothes. Since
the beachcomber had found me, I had been defiled, flogged, fucked and pissed
on. I had been treated abominably, yet the fact that I was naked had gone clean
out of my mind until those tired people in their modest finery wandered across
the sand and flopped exhausted against the dunes.
Most of the men scarcely gave me a glance although others, the younger ones,
the boys, gazed at me as children gaze at television with amazement and wonder.
Was this a glimpse of their dream? Of the future? Did the girls in Europe really
bare their bodies for the newspapers and magazines and parade in the gold-paved
streets half naked? That was the question in their eyes and it made me ask
myself if I, if we, if all of us were lost in surface desires and pleasures, in
materialism and individualism, in the lust for instant reward and gratification.
Was I with my tabloid breasts and blonde curls the symbol of a world gone
wrong? That’s how it seemed to me at that moment with the eyes of those black
women sweeping over my body. That it was all my fault, the fault of PR and
advertising and fashion and greed and celebrity gossip, that I, a naked blonde,
was the root of all evil.
I followed the progress of the three pregnant women. They had joined arms
and, as they caught sight of me, they slowed to a standstill and stared in the way
of people confronted by something shocking and inexplicable, a village in
flames; dry river beds; boy soldiers. They studied my hair, my breasts, my long
legs, and they looked into my eyes, their gaze switching from shock to
disappointment and foreboding. If they were going to find naked savages in the
lands of the north, it was hardly the best place to rear their unborn children.
That’s what I read in their long pause for reflection. I wanted to explain, to
apologise, to move my uncovered self from their path, but my feet had grown
roots into the sand; I was a hare in headlights mesmerized by their gleaming
eyes. As they finally continued up the beach, I had a vision of the three witches
in Macbeth and recalled their terrible curse.

Double, double toil and trouble;
Fire burn, and caldron bubble.
Cool it with a baboon’s blood,
Then the charm is firm and good.
I was cursed. I was lost. I was going nowhere. I wanted to be like those people
with a mission and hope. Those women would have saved every precious penny
over a very long time, years probably, and were leaving Africa in this precarious
way to start a new life. They had timed their journey precisely and, should they
give birth once they arrived in Tenerife or Cadiz or Almeria, their new babies
would be entitled to Spanish citizenship. They would have passports, a future, all
the things we take for granted and I had left behind.
Articles I had read on the black diaspora questioned whether the schools and
health services and work forces could absorb the flood of new immigrants with
new colours and cultures and religions. I had no idea if this was true or not, we
only know what we read and what we conclude through the prism of our own
experience and prejudices. Europe to me seemed to be bursting at the seams,
growing dusty and worn, decaying from within like an apple with a worm at its
core. There must have been countless numbers of people like me anxious to
escape from that world without knowing why or what exactly we were trying to
escape from. It made sense that this subconscious craving to go and be some
place else was echoed across the continents by others, that at heart we are all
nomads travelling in search of something that will never be found and may not
exist.
The women sat together on the dry sand and my attention turned to the white
dinghy soaring over the water, the motor like a slow hand clap getting gradually
louder until the craft glided on to the beach and stopped. The man who stepped
out was dressed in white, a carefully turned turban, leggings, baggy around the
top, tight over his calves, and an embroidered shirt that reached below his waist.
His skin was pale, the colour of ivory piano keys, and in his expression was a
look of surprise he was trying to conceal.
Like the three women, he looked at me, not so much at my nudity, but into my
eyes; he looked away and looked back again. He studied my face as if it were a
puzzle and, unable to unravel the mystery, he shouted impatiently, clicking his
fingers, and the beachcomber hurried towards us, spine bent almost double, his
silky words sounding like a servant’s entreaty, each line a refrain ending in the
word sheikh, which I assumed is what the man in white must have been. He was
much younger than the beachcomber, about my age, I thought, clean shaven and
clearly in charge. He had arrived on the beach in the dinghy and stepped out

without getting wet while three other men in turbans waded through the sea
behind him.
The man in white fluttered his fingers in a dismissive gesture and stood
watching as I helped the beachcomber unload the dinghy. The sacks weren’t so
heavy, but the water came in round containers like you see in offices and
weighed a ton. As I bent to lift those bottles one at a time on to my shoulder, the
sheikh just stared with the vaguely bored expression an employer might show
someone surplus to requirements.
You’re fired!
It was a line from an inane television programme that entered my mind like a
magpie in a starling’s nest. I shook my head, shaking out the nonsense, and
adjusted the weight of the bottle.
As I picked my way back through the crowd of immigrants to the fishing
shed, my first thought was that the sheikh was annoyed that I was parading
around like some porn star in a skin flick. But, of course, it wasn’t that at all. It
wasn’t my state of undress that had made him cross, but its potential
consequences. The Africans were being smuggled into Europe. It was illegal,
dangerous, lucrative, I’m sure, and something I should not have been allowed to
witness.
If the people were captured by the authorities when they landed in Spain,
when they described their journey, they would all remember seeing a naked
white girl. When my being missing was reported, as it would be when my two
weeks holiday came to an end, the police and Coast Guard would know where to
begin their search and who exactly they were searching for.
The feeling of optimism I’d had when I first saw the boat on the horizon had
gone. I was in terrible danger. In swimming away from La Gomera without my
costume, I had placed myself in the hands of fate and my fate it seemed was now
inextricably entwined with the man in the white turban. As I came back out of
the shed, I glanced at him again. He was standing there like he owned the world
and, in that warm night, a cold chill ran up my back bone.
We made several trips to unload the provisions from the dinghy into the shed.
The beachcomber lit oil lamps and filled plates with rations of vegetables and
rice. I was taken aback, although I shouldn’t have been, and embarrassed, too,
when I was sent out, two plates at a time, to feed the people on the sand. I gave
food to the women first and they watched my every move, the dance of my
blonde curls, the sway of my breasts as I bent to give them the plates, my green
eyes full of desperation and shame.
‘Do you speak English?’ I whispered. ‘Parlez vous Francais?’
I spoke, a woman to women, but it wasn’t that they didn’t understand, it was

as if they didn’t hear me at all. They took the food, but behaved as if I were a
ghost, invisible, some demon that might damage their unborn children. I went
back into the shed and returned again with more plates. I spoke to the men, but
the only response I got was a shake of the head, and mostly nothing at all. One
young boy ran his palm over my thigh, but the man at his side pulled his hand
away and, as he glanced nervously at the man in white, I knew my fear of the
sheikh was justified.
When I was making my way back into the shed for the sixth or seventh time,
the woman with the child, a boy of about two, hissed and beckoned me in a soft
melodic voice. From out of her straw basket she produced a folded sarong which
she held in her outstretched hands. She was trying to give it to me. My heart beat
faster. This small act of kindness was more than I could bare. Perhaps this
woman knew what it was like to be a slave.
‘I can’t,’ I said.
The woman stood and opened the sarong. In the remains of the daylight, I
could make out the blue pattern on a white background, the same colours as the
porcelain plate from which I had eaten my own rations before the boat arrived. I
wanted to see this accident of fate, these matching colours, as another link in a
chain, that more than coincidence, destiny was at work and my being there in the
middle of nowhere had some purpose, that I would be delivered from this ordeal
and be a better person after the experience. I would leave PR and join a
voluntary group in Africa, dig wells, feed the hungry. I would do something.
Our eyes met and she smiled. The woman wrapped the material around me,
covering my breasts, tucking it expertly so that it didn’t open. The hem of the
sarong reached my knees and, dressed in this unexpected gift, I stopped feeling
like an object, an outsider. I didn’t belong. I didn’t want to belong. But I didn’t
not belong either. The tears that trickled over my cheeks moistened the dry
surface of my heart and filled me with new hope.
‘Thank you,’ I said.
I continued going back and forth with plates until all the people had been fed.
Enough food remained for the man in white and his three sailors, and I was
impressed that the beachcomber had worked out exactly how much he was going
to need, that there was no waste, that these people had learned to use everything,
to throw away nothing. I stacked the dishes. I thought the beachcomber was
going to instruct me to wash them, but he had something else in mind when he
grabbed one of the oil lamps and crossed the shed to the display of found objects
laid out on the long shelf.
He rooted around for a few minutes and, when he called me, he held in his
palm a St Christopher on a tarnished chain. He hooked it around my neck and

stood back, expressionless, studying me in the necklace and sarong as if we were
a couple about to go out to a party. This man was a bully quick to take advantage
of any opportunity; he’d sold me for a fuck for 50 euros, yet he had stopped his
companion from beating me when the man in black was still warming up.
It was all so confusing, so hard to interpret, so foreign. The beachcomber
inhabited a world of harsh realities and constant uncertainty. He survived on
whatever the sea brought to shore. He was primitive, uncompromising and it was
little wonder when he found a naked girl on the beach that he softened her up
with a spanking and used her mouth to unload his semen. If the facts had been
laid out for me in court I would have said guilty with extenuating circumstances,
a conditional discharge, don’t do it again.
I was dressed now, my costume completed with a Christian token and again in
this world without language I could only assume one thing: I was with the St
Christopher about to begin a journey.
Outside, the orange light had faded and a few hesitant stars appeared in the sky.
The man in the black turban, the mechanic, joined the three sailors who had
arrived with the sheikh and, in pairs, carried the Zodiacs down to the sea. Two of
them made their way back to the fishing shed to collect containers of water
which they loaded on board with the gasoline cans; the last fresh water and fuel
before the refugees reached Spain.
The sheikh spoke for several minutes to the beachcomber. The older man then
scurried rodent-like among the Africans, fluttering his hands like the wings of a
bird as he urged them down the beach to the boats. The woman who had given
me the sarong lifted her little boy into her arms and, as she hurried behind the
others, the child raised his small hand to wave.
Just the sheikh and I were left in the flickering pool of light made by the oil
lamps ranged along the entrance to the shed. As he approached, I squeezed my
fists tightly together, took a deep breath to slow my pulse and turned to face him.
I drew my hair from my eyes, batted my eyelashes and smiled.
‘I swam here from La Gomera,’ I said. I spoke slowly and pointed. ‘La
Gomera,’ I said again, trying emphasise that I belonged somewhere.
He didn’t appear to understand what I had said and said something back to me
in the short, hard syllables of what I thought must be Arabic. He stood feet
planted a foot apart, hands on hips in a faintly feminine way. The puzzled look
he had worn earlier had gone from his features and he studied me as you might a
photograph of someone met on holiday whose name you can no longer recall, or
a book jacket that doesn’t quite work. You know the design’s wrong, and you
know the book’s not going to sell, but you don’t know why.

He moved his head fractionally, taking in the shape of my nose, my lips, my
well-defined shoulders. I was tanned, slender, bright-eyed. I was more at ease
dressed in the sarong, and the butterflies in my tummy I tried to ignore. I held
my spine straight, shoulders back. I was the same height as the man and looked
into his eyes. I spoke slowly.
‘Please help me. Por favor. S’il vous plaît.’
His eyes grew more intense. He stared at me, at my lips, as if trying to fathom
these strange words.
‘S’il vous plaît,’ I tried again. ‘I just want to go home.’
It was hopeless. He had no idea what I was saying. And I had no idea what the
beachcomber had told him, what version of the truth he had spun for the sheikh.
Now the man in white did something strange and touching. He reached
forward and stroked my cheekbone. He ran the tips of his fingers over my full
lips, pulling softly at my bottom lip and allowing it to spring back. He stroked
my hair, then the soft pad of his finger traced the circumference of my ear. He
gently squeezed my ear lobe. That same finger ran across the arc of my eyebrow
and back again over my cheek.
He said something and smiled. I smiled back and remembered for some
reason that man I met once at a party who had slowly unzipped the back of my
dress. He had paused, waiting for me to say something, and what I said was “no”
with a giggle that defined me as a girl not a woman.
That day on that unknown island I had grown up. I was a woman with one
weapon.
‘Yes,’ I said.
He smiled again.
The moment passed. He snapped his fingers and, with a movement of his
head, commanded me to follow. We made our way across the hard sand and
watched the people climbing into the boats. The Zodiacs were built for eight, ten
at a pinch, and 27 people squeezed into those patched vessels with their baskets
and bags, the pregnant women, the man with the suit and tie, the man with his
teenage son, the woman with nothing who had given me the sarong.
As the boats got heavier the Arabs, gripping the handles, moved forward to
allow the sea to take the weight. The man in the black turban glanced at me with
what I thought was a look of complicity as he lifted the two cords containing the
keys over his head. He turned over the first motor. It fired immediately, and he
showed the men on board how to lower the propeller and work the accelerator.
He moved to the other boat, inserted the key and connected the link on the
flexible cord to the hasp on the side of the motor. He paused, to say a prayer, I
assumed, and the engine he had been working on earlier in the day fired briefly,

spluttered, then stopped. The people grew tense as he turned it over again. It
didn’t sound as if the motor was going to catch, but then it started to run
smoothly and the people on the second boat let out a sigh of relief. There was no
common language among those people and again, like the masons on Babel,
using gestures and signs he explained how to work the craft, the men on board
watching with concentrated expressions.
A half moon had appeared over the horizon and its silvery light made a path
on the sea. The Arabs eased the Zodiacs further from shore, the man designated
as helmsman on each boat lowered the propellers, and the people looked back as
they set off across the black waves to Europe.
We stood there, six men in turbans and me in my St Christopher necklace and
blue sarong. No one spoke. We watched as the rubber boats got smaller, the
sound of the motors faded and the two small vessels vanished into the night.
The calm that descended was total. The sheikh finally spoke and, with a slight
wave of his fingers, the other men made their way back up the beach to the
fishing shed where the last of the food remained in the iron pots.
He turned to me, his dark eyes flashing, difficult to read. He looked as if he
was coming to a decision and it seemed at that moment as if my very life
depended on that decision. The sheikh would have seen the ten red welts on my
backside and must have known who placed them there. The beachcomber would
have told him that he found me washed up on the shore like a conch shell that
belonged to whoever found it first; although, I was certain if that were the case
among these men in turbans, I now belonged to the sheikh. He looked into my
eyes as if he were trying to look inside me, at my soul.
When he smiled, I followed automatically as he made his way around the
ribbon of sand, back the way I had come from the lighthouse. We wove a path
through the dry sandbanks. He paused a couple of times, but continued until he
found what he was looking for. He stepped down into the deep hollow of a dune.
He stretched out his arm and I climbed down to join him.
The sheikh held my shoulders. He stared once more into my eyes, a look that
was long and intense, and, whatever it was he was looking for, if my eyes were
the mirrors of my soul, I prayed that in me he saw no ill will, that I was worth
the risk I might represent from having seen his smuggling operation first hand.
There were no words I could say. No words he would understand. Like the
sheikh, I remained quiet and studied him as he studied me. His eyes were black,
shiny as opals, the moon reflected on the surface in two semi-circles, the stars
above casting a ghostly glow over the landscape. He drew the fold of material
from where it was tucked in the sarong and the garment fell to our feet. He had
already seen me naked, everyone on the beach that night had seen me naked, but

still there was something sensual, even poignant in the way that he did this. My
breath caught in my throat. My heart beat faster.
Like a sculptor putting the final touch of polish on a marble figure, he stroked
the side of my neck, my arms, my hips. He ran the tips of his fingers in the fine
grooves defining my ribs before tracing a circle under my breasts. My nipples
sprang out, hard and responsive, demanding attention. I wanted him to take me
in his arms and bite those two flaming buds until they hurt.
But he didn’t. Everything he did he did with great tenderness. Unlike the
beachcomber who must have thought it terribly amusing to piss over me, and the
other man who could think of nothing but thrashing me with a cane then taking
me violently over the side of the dinghy, the man in white behaved as if he had
come across a delicacy to enjoy and savour, something rare and precious; a
unicorn, I thought, a fairy queen, Wendy for Peter Pan in this timeless
NeverLand.
He moved me to one side of the dune, and stretched the sarong over the sand.
I watched as he unwound his turban and was surprised how long it was, how
intricately coiled. He folded the material and placed it at one end of the sarong.
He removed his shirt, then his leggings, which he placed on top of the turban,
making a pillow. As he turned to me, the pendant around his neck caught my
attention. I studied the gold spider on its golden web and in his expression was
the desire for me to understand its significance.
Just as he had read the contours of my body, I did the same, not because he
demanded that I do so, but because I wanted to. I ran my palms over his
unblemished skin. He was beautiful like a carving with a broad chest, narrow
hips, a small round bottom and a perfectly straight penis that bobbed between us.
I imagined the sheikh was used to being admired as well as being obeyed, that
unlike his companions, he would never have to take a woman against her will.
I held his penis in my hand, drawing the loose flesh gently up and down, up
and down. As I looked back into his eyes I could feel rather than hear his sharp
intake of breath. The pale light sketched shadows over his prominent cheek
bones, his strong, faintly hooked nose, his sensuous lips that I kissed and, as I
did so, he seemed startled as if the kiss burned like fire, as if kissing was a
mystery to him. He moved back momentarily, then pressed forward, his kiss raw
and unformed, a boy’s first kiss. I didn’t pull away. I slid my palm between our
lips, then cupped his cheeks, holding his head still. Now I kissed him, slowly,
patiently, sucking his bottom lip, running my tongue over his teeth, pressing into
his cheek.
‘Slowly. Softly,’ I whispered.
Did he understand?

Not my words. Our bodies were finding a common language. As I kissed the
sheikh he kissed me back, finding new positions, new rhythms, new pleasures.
The kiss is the greatest of gifts, uniquely human. A kiss before midnight. A kiss
before dying. The Judas kiss. The kiss of the devil. A big wet smacker beneath
the mistletoe. More can be said with a kiss than a book full of words. We kiss to
say I love you. We kiss the rings of the self-important. The feet of conquerors.
The rich dark earth when we reach the promised land. We kiss babies’ cheeks to
soak up their innocence. We kiss the foreheads of loved ones as they begin a
journey. We kiss beautiful strangers in far away places because on hot July
nights with the music of the sea and the stars above your head your lips are
incomplete until they are joined in a kiss.
As we kissed, his penis swelled against my tummy, urgent, throbbing, a little
animal with a will of its own. Breathless, our lips parted. I ran my tongue over
his chin, down his chest and, dropping to my knees, I kissed the head of his
penis. I slid the creature into my mouth. He sighed. He pushed into me, deep and
hard, much too fast, and again I stopped. I pulled at his legs and he lay back on
the sarong like a reclining god in an Oriental temple.
He propped up his head with his hands and watched as I knelt between his
legs, made myself comfortable, and sucked the fine soft head of his penis. I ran
my tongue down the shaft and up again, wetting that smooth column. I sucked
the head and rimmed the groove, teasing all the nerve endings. I wetted the
fragile parchment of his testicles and took his balls one at a time in my mouth,
sucking away as if those buried Easter eggs were the home-made toffee one of
the girls from Cornwall used to bring back to school in a big yellow tin after the
holidays.
Every boy I had ever been out with had managed to get his cock down my
throat, but I had always considered it one-sided, a mixed sense of joy and
conquest for the boy and a bit boring and jaw-aching for me. Never before had I
appreciated the sheer delight of having a man’s cock massaging my mouth, the
inside of my cheeks, my jostling tonsils, this love game, this oral exchange, the
male phallus not invading but completing me, filling my throat like the key piece
in a Chinese puzzle. His pulsing cock was vibrating over the membranes and
tissues of my throat, touching my taste buds with its sultry perfume, the slap and
slurp of flesh against flesh like an echo of the tide drifting back into the bay. We
were protected in the oval-shaped dune like seeds in a cocoon, the moon on its
journey, the sheikh’s bottom rising from the ground as he pushed and pierced
deeper into the heart of my being. Two men had fucked me that day, but this was
different. The sheikh wanted me, but I wanted him, too, with a feeling of want
I’d never had before.

As I felt him tense in pre-climax, I let his cock slip from its hiding place and
stitched a row of kisses over his belly, his chest, his lips. I straddled his neck,
then lowered my drenched pussy over his mouth. He kissed and sucked, he
nudged my clitoris and wormed his tongue deep, deep into the silky cavern of
my pulsating vagina. Girlie liquids seeped from me, a slow continual stream,
warm and piquant, rich and spicy, the scent of sex, the fragrance of some
wondrous fruit being milked. And the thing about being a girl is that the juice
just keeps coming, oozing down the walls of my pussy, over the spread pink
labia like honey from a comb, anointing the sheikh as the sweet stuff spread in a
fine coating over his face.
I felt contractions. My heart was pounding. My breath was trapped in my
throat. I rolled to one side and slid across the sheikh’s body to take his penis
back into my mouth, completing the circle, his tongue pushing back into my
vagina, my tongue wrapped about his silken shaft. We rocked to and fro like two
children on a seesaw in the park, up and down, deeper and deeper while the stars
glimmered and the moon climbed higher into the heavens. Sex al fresco. There’s
nothing like it.
Our bodies were slippery with perspiration. My pussy continued to leak sweet
nectar into his mouth. I could have remained in that position for the rest of the
night, the rest of my life, but the tempo changed, his body grew tense and my
mouth filled with his sperm, a long pumping gush of creamy liquid that tasted
like fresh yoghurt, like ripe mango, like coconut milk, an exotic salad of
unknown fruits that I gobbled down, slurping and swallowing, greedy for more.
He kept pushing into me, I kept drawing at his cock and, as the last drips drained
into my mouth, I went rigid, released his cock and gasped for air as his meaty
tongue ignited an orgasm that made the sand move beneath the blue sarong. I
cried out as if in pain but the pain was an intense, all-consuming pleasure.
My body was trembling as if in fever. I rolled to one side, arms wrapped
around the sheikh’s legs, our bodies dripping, throbbing, electric. I was dizzy.
My head was spinning. Something had happened to me since I crossed the point
of no return on that swim from La Gomera, some truth had turned to a lie, some
unbreakable link had broken, some barrier had been torn down. Freed like a
prisoner from all restraints, like the boys in Lord of the Flies, I had instantly
gone native.
With the beachcomber, after the initial shock of his hand crossing my
backside, I discovered the perverse pleasures of bending over and being
spanked. I had shamefully screamed fuck me, fuck me, fuck me during that
brutal assault by the man in black. The humiliation of being naked on the beach
had transcended to the immaterial by the time the immigrants arrived and only

returned when I saw myself through their eyes.
I was lying there now cosy and satiated, ripe like an animal in heat with a
stranger who held over me the power of life and death.
The reverberations from that orgasm echoed through my womb. I panted for
breath. I was staring up at the sky and, in the movement of the stars I was struck
with sudden insight. It was a Zen moment.
I had a plan.
I untangled myself from the sheikh and he seemed content when I began to
massage his feet, pressing my thumbs into the arches, pulling each little toe. I
rubbed his shins, his thighs, his chest. I urged him to roll over and he did so after
a moment’s hesitation, a moment’s doubt, a moment when he remembered that
no woman ever commanded him to do anything, that women were there to obey
and serve.
He looked back at me, then buried his head as I sat astride his waist and
pressed the heels of my hands in a slow dance up the his back. There was no
tension in those strong muscles, but like a cat being stroked he wriggled and
writhed. I massaged his neck, his head, and I rolled him back over again. I kissed
his nose, his lips, his chin and by the time I moved slowly down his torso, the
little creature awoke from his slumbers ready to play again.
‘You are a clever boy,’ I said, and planted a friendly kiss on the winking eye
of his helmet.
‘Shush,’ he replied, and I gave it a good shake to remind him that while he
was the boss, I had power over the little sheikh between his legs.
It was nice taking it small and limp into my mouth and feeling the blood race
back into the thickening shaft. Up and down, sucking toffee, biting and nibbling,
teasing the eye of the needle. I adored this smooth rod of flesh. I was going to
dream about it on long winter nights when I awoke with Bobby, or some
replacement Bobby, in my cold bed in the shoebox garden flat at the down-atheel end of Fulham. Up and down. Getting harder. The 14 bus. The bars and
shops. Lick and suck. The cappuccino, comfort food, the unfinished croissant. I
dribbled spittle over that stiffening cock and like a doctor beating life back into a
still heart I beat the wet flesh up and down, up and down until the spring was
rewound and it was fully charged and ready to go.
Sucking for breath, slithering up his body like a snake, pussy slippery as a
fish, his cock glided into me like a kite through warm air; a stiletto through
nylon; a knife through water. It’s just so nice fucking after a really colossal
orgasm. There’s no hurry. No urgency. Nothing to prove. You slide up and down
that oiled column of flesh like it’s a piston in some marvellous machine, a
lightning rod, the mast of a sailing ship. You roll over so he’s on top, pushing in

further, deeper, like a missionary with a duty to perform, rolling back again, his
knees raised, feet pushing into the sand, the sarong coiled in a ball, his eyes
gleaming like black gold.
You can feel it coming again. He’s coming again. His neck is thrown back.
His body tenses. He’s leaking sweat that smells of roses. He’s thrusting hard.
He’s trying to reach something just out of reach. He’s an athlete going for gold,
a man attempting the pole vault. The bar is set high, higher than he’s ever been
before. He’s making that last run, breath short and sharp, loud and clear. He’s
going faster, his body a concentrated fission of nuclear energy. He digs the pole
deep in the groove, he throws himself into the air and he makes it.
He makes it.
‘Agh, agh, agh.’
His hot come spurts in short jabs over the saturated canal of my burning
pussy. His face distorts with tension, ecstasy, relief, too. As he has reached up
for something out of reach. I reach down and find a little lost orgasm like a baby
kitten which I nurse until a dribble of milky sap slips over my thighs. I can at
that moment imagine nothing more wonderful than being a girl.
The stars when I roll over have realigned.
The world is on course. The moon is in Mercury, messenger of the Gods,
fleet-footed. The young sheikh remains on his back, breath gradually slowing
and growing even. I kiss his neck. Snuggle at his side. With one hand, he unrolls
the balled up sarong and brushes it down over us, hiding our nudity from the
eyes of the night.
The drum of his breath fades until I can’t hear it any more. His heart and his
pulse beat in silence like a digital clock. He is a man. A satisfied man. And what
satisfied men do after two orgasms is they stretch their backs, they roll on to
their sides, they raise their legs like giant foetuses and, sated, like tired little
boys, they fall fast sleep.
I am wide awake, my heart pounding like footsteps in a hollow corridor, ears
cocked listening as his hushed breath grows louder again, catches and resounds
in a sigh of contentment. He burrows into the sand. I kiss his arm. He doesn’t
feel it. He is lost in his dreams as I roll from his side and remain motionless
against the edge of the dune staring up at the sky. I close my eyes and count to
one hundred. I wait. I listen for his breath and hear that same long rumble of
satisfaction.
Men are exhausted after fucking. Girls are rejuvenated. They want to go out
and dance, drink, laugh, kiss, kick off their shoes. My body was filled with
carbohydrates and male sperm, an energy drink that warmed my blood as I
climbed out of the dune and raced across the sand towards the path that led up to

the old lighthouse. I moved like a city fox, my feet barely touching the ground.
The cactuses were deformed ogres with spines shining like blades in the
moonlight. One of those monsters took a nip at my arm. I spat on my fingers,
rubbed at the wound and kept going.
The air swirling around the tower tasted of old dust and long memories. I
crossed the peak and, as I began to descend towards the far shore, the stars
seemed to fade and the night grew darker. I remembered the razor shells and
fossilised starfish that littered the beach and picked my way as carefully as I
could over the dunes to the sea.
I paused on the shore, catching my breath, the tide lapping at my feet. I
glanced back across the hillside. There was no movement. The sheikh was
sleeping still. The tall palms along the beach could have been a corps de ballet,
black swans with arms moving imperceptibly. Ahead, the waves spread as far as
I could see, vanishing invisibly into the sky.
You can do it. You can do it.
It had probably taken me about forty minutes to swim to the island. At the half
way point going back, I expected to see the lights on La Gomera. When I saw
the lights, I would be home and dry.
You can do it.
I strode into the surf, plunged in and the sea chilled the nervous sweat coating
my damp on my body. I emerged for breath and warmed myself striking out in a
fast crawl before switching to the less demanding breast stroke, conserving
energy. This isn’t a race, I kept telling myself. Don’t panic, keep your eye on the
same spot on the horizon and keep going, one breath, one stroke, another few
yards between the island and safety.
Having swum across the strait during the day, I knew I had the strength to
make it back. But at night with nothing before me except the long march of the
waves, I began to fear that I might get lost. I knew in the desert when people
thought they were going in a straight line they eventually walked in a circle. Was
it the same at sea? I didn’t know. All I could do was rise over each swell of the
ocean and press on into the next. The wind whipped the surface of the water and
stung like razors that seemed to be striking my face with the indifference of the
beachcomber striking my backside and the man in black beating me with a
broken cane, fucking me until I screamed for more. I didn’t know that girl
parading naked with a remarkable lack of self-consciousness, a disdainful
bravado, the touch of vanity concealed behind every club door that opened to let
her in. Was it really me? Was that the girl I wanted to be and the girl swimming
through the waves was the shell of who I had once been, that composite of other
people’s designs and dreams and ideas?

I was thrilled to be swimming back to La Gomera, but it struck me that in
spite of everything that had transpired that day on the hot sands, I felt no shame,
no conscience or self-doubt. We all cast ourselves in different roles, re-write the
past. We all find the perfect thing to say after the moment to say it has past. We
all have a fantasy life and the island was a fantasy. The fear we have of opening
the box concealing our secret self is the fear of what we might find, the fear of
what others might say or think, the fear of what we might think of ourselves.
As I pushed through the waves, I thought about the sheikh, how he was
nervous of that first kiss, how there was a look of wonder in his moonlit eyes as
his cock vanished into my mouth. I had been beaten against my will and I had
seduced the sheikh to engineer my escape. I had done nothing to be ashamed of.
It was getting colder. I knew that the temperature of the sea changes very little
at night, but the air cools and on the current were icy hands that crept over my
body like a foreboding and made me shiver.
Earlier in the day, when I had stood with the beachcomber at the foot of the
tower and looked back the way I had come, the clouds on then horizon warned
me that a storm was coming. That storm finally arrived, announcing itself with a
stripe of lightning and a roll of thunder that drove a line of stamping sea horses
pounding into my face. The stars above like light bulbs in a string of seaside
illuminations went out one after the other. The world turned monochrome, my
white arms clawing at the grey waves below a sky now black as pitch. The pale
silver path lit by the moon disappeared and spots of rain the size of coins struck
the water like drumming fingers. I closed my eyes and swam without looking
and didn’t know if the briny tang in my mouth belonged to the sea or my tears.
When I opened my eyes, everything was black except distant spots in the
dome of the sky that turned blue as lightning crackled in long zigzags like a
pattern on a piece of cloth. The crash of thunder hit the sea in sonic booms that
plunged me below the surface and, like a dolphin, after each dive I leapt higher
to take another breath.
There was a cramp in my leg and I rolled on to my back and kept going,
kicking with one leg, panting, filling my lungs. I was 22 and in six months I
would be 23. I didn’t want to grow old, it seemed pointless growing old, but I
thought in the next ten years, by the time I was 33, I could do a lot of things,
achieve something, be something, do something other people don’t do. Until
now I had done nothing. I had gone to university and idled my way through long
months of long nights drinking, flirting, sleeping with different boys, sleeping
through morning lectures, cramming for exams.
When I got my modest degree I felt like a complete fraud stepping up on the
stage in Durham Cathedral and staring out with my embossed scroll at the

graduates lined up in black gowns like beetles, all identical, all carried to uni on
the same mediocre mother ship. Even my job at the publishing house was
acquired through family friends. I was a shoe-in. Eye candy for the office, nicely
spoken, nicely shaped, a blonde with full pink lips, a short skirt, a slice of
cleavage on show for the authors, those middle-aged men pretending to be
young, those middle-aged lesbians writing to succeed in what they saw as a
man’s world. Nothing I had read in the last year was original and nothing I had
written for jacket notes and PR handouts was original. I was going to drown
there that night in the sea and the only original thing I had ever done was fuck
three Arabs in one day.
I wasn’t swimming any more. I was surviving. I was being tossed about in ten
foot waves. I could have been moving with the tide back to the island or out into
the open sea where oil tankers and cruise ships plied the sea lanes between
Europe and America. A vicious burst of lightning ripped the sky in two, the light
was brilliant, a ghostly blue, and the thunder that followed was like a barrage of
guns, boom, boom, boom, the shock waves lifting me up in the air and throwing
me deeper into the sea.
Down I went, spinning under water, down and down, eyes open, mouth open.
I’m never coming up again. I’m never going to get back to La Gomera. In two
weeks my mum and dad would be wondering what had happened to me. They
will set out for the Canary Islands. They will talk to the police and no one will
have a clue where to look for me and no one will understand a word they are
saying. I didn’t want that to happen. It would ruin their lives.
I kicked down and shot up through the murky water and breathed again. I had
almost drowned. I had almost died. That’s not going to happen, I told myself. I
didn’t panic. I took deep breaths. The storm, as if we were subtly linked, was
moving away. The rain stopped as quickly as it started. I could just make out a
line of red fairy lights. I rubbed my eyes. Was I seeing things? No. They were
there. A few more lights were dimly flickering on the horizon and I realised I
had reached the half way mark. It was La Gomera that I could see and I set off
again in a steady crawl.
In a few minutes, I switched to breast stroke. The lights were stronger now.
They outlined the building that carried the Spanish flag, the landmark guiding
me home. The lights gave form to the hill, the village where I had found a room
in a fonda. I smiled. I would have to stride back through the streets wearing
nothing but the St Christopher, the patron saint of travel, the necklace a reminder
that what had happened that day wasn’t a fantasy. I had swum off into the sea
dreaming of adventure and the adventure was over. Perhaps I’ll phone Bobby,
tomorrow, give him another chance.

The moon was back in the sky, lighting the beach, the sand at night grey like
pewter. The stars burst into life. The wind died. The only sound I could hear was
my arms and legs cutting through the water.
Then, quite suddenly, from the distance, like a murmur, came the steady drum
of a motor beating like a train getting closer and louder. I turned on to my back
and could just make out a white shape moving towards me. The beach was a
hundred yards away. I could do that in five minutes. I turned back on my front
and set off again in a fast crawl, the fatigue sliding from my limbs, my breath
steady, three strokes and breathe, three strokes and breathe.
The dinghy overtook me in a swirling circle, round and round, trapping me in
a wall of foam. The craft moved faster and faster. The engine howled like a
wounded beast. Then the motor died, the roar ended and the night grew still. The
dinghy slowed, bobbing on the tide, the wake pushing us together and I took a
grip on the rope looped along the side. It had been a long swim, a long day. I
was tired.
The sheikh’s features were sharp in the moon’s glow. He wasn’t smiling. He
wasn’t angry. He seemed ponderous as he glanced towards La Gomera. I did the
same. He was looking towards the bar with dim yellow lights at one end of the
beach. Shadows. Tourists. People like me. With the motor silent now, I could
hear the beat of music, the tune familiar. As I looked back at the sheikh, he
stretched out his hand and, for the first time since I left my towel on the sand and
dived into the sea, I had control over my own destiny.

Four
Arabian Nights
THE DINGHY BOUNCED OVER the waves, gaining speed as we rounded the coast
and entered the bay. The sheikh raised the propeller at the last moment and I was
thrown forward as the inflatable ploughed into the sand. He had stared at the sea
ahead from the moment I hauled myself on board and, when he cut the engine,
the sudden calm was like the stillness before the storm.
‘Are you OK?’ I said stupidly. He didn’t acknowledge that I’d spoken.
The Arabs were sitting in a line outside the fishing shed in the glow of an oil
lamp. They were waiting without talking, the blaze from their cigarettes like
fireflies briefly lighting their faces before thrusting them back into darkness. The
sky was clear. It was as if time was standing still, that my following the sheikh
into the dunes had never happened, that kiss, the long swim, the blue bursts of
summer lightning, the glimpse of life on La Gomera like something seen in a
dream. Only the moon turning yellow and lowering in the sky marked the course
of the night.
I adjusted the sarong the sheikh had brought for me and stepped out of the
dinghy as he made his way in restless strides up the beach. He stopped, turning
to crook his finger, motioning me to follow. As I did so, he bent and grabbed a
strip of cane from the same abandoned lobster trap from which the man in black
had armed himself to beat me. A tingle ran across my bottom. The pain had gone
but my memory was still smarting.
The men shuffled to their feet, their shadows elongated by the diffused light of
the lamp. The sheikh tapped the sand with the tip of the cane as he spoke, his
voice soft and melodious as if he were reciting poetry. When he gestured
towards the boat, the three sailors he had arrived with grabbed the sacks lying on
the sand, made their way down the beach and waded through the tide.
The sheikh glanced at the beachcomber and spat out a single word that sent
the man scurrying off back into the shed. He returned with an enamel cup filled
with water. The sheikh was about to quench his thirst but stopped himself as the
cup was about to touch his lips. He placed the cup in the bowl of my hands and,

as our eyes met, the crescents of light mirrored in his gaze were like flames
heating the night air. My pulse raced. My underarms were damp. I had that
feeling you have in a school play just before you go out on stage. I looked down
at the cup and found the moon floating on the surface of the water. I drained
every last drop and the beachcomber refilled it again for the sheikh.
No more words were said. The beach was an amphitheatre. I was a part of the
drama, but unsure of my role, my character, the arc of my journey. I looked out
to sea. The sailors had balanced the sacks on their heads and were about to board
the boat. I glanced back at the man in black. He had remained silent, shoulders
hunched, hands loose at his sides. The sheikh dropped the cup when he had
finished drinking, the water that remained draining into the sand.
He then turned to the man in black, eyes blazing, teeth clenched. I felt the hair
rise on the back of my neck as the sheikh raised the cane above his head and
brought it down across the other man’s arm. The man flinched, his mouth fell
open and he gasped for air. He didn’t cry out, he didn’t move, he didn’t defend
himself. That man had whacked me five times, five fork-tongued lashes that
branded my bare flesh. He had slapped my breasts and bent me over the rubber
side of the Zodiac to take me like a wild beast in rut.
Fuck me, fuck me, fuck me.
I felt ashamed and I felt confused. That man had inflicted pain on me, but still
it was horrifying to watch as the sheikh beat him again and again, slashing at his
arms and legs, one side then the other, one stroke after the other, the bamboo
singing as it sliced through the air, the two figures in the moonlight silhouettes in
a lantern theatre, one in black, one in white, their movements oddly mechanical,
the cane climbing into the air, the man in black shrinking away as the two
figures fused together just as the bomber pilot and the bomb he drops from
50,000 feet connects him to the people in the villages and schools and hospitals
on the ground below.
The man turned, his black turban slowly unwound, falling like a dead cat to
the sand, and the cane came down in a series of vicious swipes against his back.
One, two, three, four, five times …
He fell to his knees.
…six, seven, eight …
‘No. No. No more,’ I cried.
The night stood still.
The sheikh turned and stared at me. He looked angry, puzzled, uncertain. I
had disturbed the ritual. He turned away and struck the man in black again, three
more times, three hard concentrated blows before he tossed the cane back on the
sand.

He marched down the beach and I followed as a wife would follow her man
from the pub after a brawl. He dragged the inflatable off the hard sand, fired the
motor and lowered the propeller. He stared into my eyes, his face taut with
tension. Once more he was giving me a choice and, just as I had chosen not to
swim on to La Gomera, again it was with my own free will that I stepped into
the dinghy. The sheikh pushed the craft from shore and slipped across the rubber
hull, accelerating without a word towards the boat.
I glanced back, just as I had glanced back from the tower earlier that day, and
watched the past recede.
How did I feel at that moment? I felt bewildered, impulsive, terrified and I felt
reborn. I felt like the newly hatched butterfly seeing the world for the first time.
My shoulders were bent from being imprisoned inside the cocoon and, as I
stretched, I was aware of my wings growing, forming, sprouting feathers. They
were fragile, of many colours, slowly unfurling, and I didn’t know if my wings
were going to take me high into the sky or whether I was destined to plunge
disastrously back down to earth. The baby bird doesn’t know how to fly when it
leaves the nest, it flies on instinct. I had been given the chance to go back, not
once but twice, and felt certain, even now, that had I slipped over the side of the
white dinghy the sheikh wouldn’t have stopped me swimming away.
He turned off the engine, raised the propeller and we bounced against the hull
of the boat. My fingers went unconsciously for the St Christopher at my throat, a
gesture that belonged to my mother, and I thought of her wearing gardening
gloves, trimming the roses, looking up from under the brim of her straw hat, the
sun behind her, her wide face with my own green eyes full of mystery and
secrets. I didn’t know my mother. I didn’t know myself.
The sheikh threw a line up to one of his men and reached for the rope ladder.
There are few moments in life when we are faced with great decisions. When I
reached the halfway point on my swim to the island from La Gomera may have
been one of those times. This was another. I knew I would regret it if I didn’t
leave with the sheikh and, at the same time, I knew I was taking an unimaginable
risk, that far greater regrets might be waiting in my future.
I stood. When I took his arm to balance myself, he flinched as if my fingers
burned and it occurred to me at that moment that he too might be taking a risk,
that this young man who appeared to wield such power might be subject to some
greater authority, that taking white girls south to nowhere may not be the most
sensible thing to do.
Why did he want me? I didn’t know and it is the unknown that drove me on.
Our eyes met for a second and he looked away as I shuffled the sarong up my
thighs. I climbed the ladder and stepped on deck, disturbing the pair of seagulls

on the rail at the stern. The air filled with the beat of their wings and I watched
them sweep over the sea, cackling noisily until they vanished from view. The
anchor chain groaned as it ground its way around the pulley. The diesel engines
thumped, the moon was at eye level off the starboard side as we moved into the
night.
The boat was a patchwork of ancient timbers held together with sheets of
steel. We travelled at a leisurely pace, the sound of the engines muted below sea
level, no louder than the beat of my heart. The breeze combed the knots from my
hair as I watched the island disappear, consumed by the black swell of the sea.
Though I had chosen to follow the sheikh, now I was standing on the deck of
that dilapidated vessel, I paused again to wonder what madness had urged me to
do so. I had passed my exams. I had a job. Friends. Contacts. I moved in
charmed circles. The young, the gorgeous, the privileged. I am a Pisces, a good
swimmer, prone to opposites, moving in two directions at once, not unerringly
cautious, but I wasn’t impetuous either. So much had happened that day, it was
like many days, weeks and months condensed into one gulp of time I didn’t want
to end.
Every second from the moment the beachcomber found me like a conch shell
on the sands had been vibrant with new and disparate experiences, fear, of
course, but incredulity, too, my shame and humiliation set against a lewd and
promiscuous pleasure – so Piscean! I had detested being naked before the eyes
of strangers, but was aware of that feeling transforming during the day into an
immodest sense of daring, a sense that I was doing something that I had always
secretly wanted to do. Lurking in my subconscious was the notion that all
women want to be seen undressed, taken against their will, that pure satisfaction
comes from impure desires.
I could rightly claim that everything that had happened to me until the
moment I climbed the rope ladder on to the boat had been against my will: my
mouth and vagina being used as a receptacle for the abusers’ semen, the
spanking, the beating, even kissing the sheikh was only a subterfuge in my plan
of escape. The wanton side of Pisces was in the ascendant and my caution must
have flown away with the seagulls I’d watched abandon ship.
I could recall a thousand and one days walking along the Fulham Road feeling
bored, fatigued, lost, my heels clacking, my fingers reaching for my top as it slid
from one shoulder then the other, the breeze lifting my skirt, each movement
displaying little slices of bare flesh as if I were a book jacket tempting the
browser to open the covers and reveal the nude girl within.
Do girls with their clothes carelessly slipping from their bodies know what
they are doing? Of course. We are told to expose ourselves by magazines, the

movies, the giant hoardings on the sides of buses promoting perfume and
knickers are a form of mind control whispering constantly flatten your tummy,
push out your breasts, wiggle your bum, take off your clothes, open your legs,
dress is nothing but the sensual aroma of the latest scent. In PR we create false
hopes and dreams, a chimerical world full of laughter and stripped of that deepseated feeling that there are better times to be had if we just have the courage to
break the bonds of the life we are living. I never made my own decisions, not
really, not until that moment.
The sheikh moved around the deck, checking something or other. Each time
our eyes met he looked away. I wasn’t exactly sure why he had beaten the man
in black, but I was somewhere in the mix of his anger and emotions. The sheikh
smuggled Africans to Europe, and he could of course just as easily now have
been smuggling me to Africa. People are commodities. In a free market
everything has its price. And I was sure that, like tiger skins and rhinoceros
horns, white girls like me carried a premium. Perhaps that was why the sheikh
had punished the other man, for damaging property. His property.
When the sheikh had finished his spurious inspection, he beckoned and I
followed as he gave me a tour of the boat. It was larger once you were on board
than it had appeared from shore. At the bow, the wheelhouse was crudely made
from weathered planks of wood. There was one long low cabin with portholes
above the level of the deck and, below decks, was the open hold that, over the
years, would have served to carry fish and other goods, the scattering of
discarded blankets evidence that its primary use today was human cargo.
We climbed back up the narrow stairs, the sheikh shouted an order to one of
the sailors and we entered the cabin. I was surprised to find myself in a boudoir
opulent with silks and satins in pastel colours made exotic with the rich aroma of
incense. Below my feet was an intricately woven carpet and around the walls
were big cushions hemmed with golden tassels. I made my way through the
clouds of chiffon suspended from the ceiling and wondered why they were
hanging there, what purpose they served other than to make the cabin appear like
a room in a palace, a floating harem, a place for lovers. There were divans, a
chest of drawers, low tables of carved wood, copper cups and bowls, tall lamps
that he lit and in the reflection of the round mirror I saw a blonde girl with wild
eyes and an expression just as hard to read as the man in white standing just
behind her.
In my sarong with the St Christopher glittering on the chain around my neck, I
felt like Scheherazade from One Thousand and One Nights, a book I had read
with rapt passion as a teenager. Scheherazade was dreamy, doe-eyed, ethereal
but it was through guile alone that she survived the terrible curse of the

Cuckolded Sultan in a story of treachery, vengeance and sex that had captured
my young imagination.
It was long ago in ancient Persia when the Sultan returned victorious from
battle only to find his wife entwined in the arms of another man. They were
instantly executed, but the punishment wasn’t enough to assuage the Sultan’s
wounded pride. He had come to believe that every woman was guilty of his
wife’s betrayal and took long and gory revenge. Every day for three thousand
days he married a virgin, and every morning at daybreak his bride was beheaded.
The people lived in fear and the kingdom became barren and impoverished.
Scheherazade lived in the environs of the palace where her father was an
official. The Sultan had watched her grow up and at that exquisite moment when
the child like a flower was budding with the curves and contours of a woman, he
asked for her hand. Scheherazade knew what had happened to all the girls before
her but still, against her father’s wishes, consented to the marriage. Scheherazade
had a plan and enlisted her sister’s help.
After the ceremony, on the way to the bed chamber, she asked if she could bid
farewell to her young sister. The Sultan, delighted with his prize, agreed and,
when the girl arrived, she asked Scheherazade to tell her a story. The Sultan
stretched out indulgently on his divan to listen. The tale his bride told had many
twists and surprises and, when she had finished, the Sultan was so intrigued, he
asked for another story.
He had not realised that dawn was breaking and Scheherazade promised that
she would tell him another, much better story, before they slept that night. One
thousand and one nights passed. Scheherazade gave birth to three sons and every
night she wove a new parable of morality and kindness. The Sultan never cut off
her head and became a wise and respected ruler.
I had always loved that story. I loved to think of myself as Scheherazade, but as I
stood in that cabin among those silk and satin cushions I had no tales to tell and
no language in which I could have told them.
My throat had turned dry. The sheikh, as if he could read my mind, filled a
cup and I drank with such thirst the water trickled from my lips and over my
chin. I wiped it away and smiled. I felt silly. A doe-eyed girl. The sheikh placed
the cup back on the table. He unhooked the fold in the sarong and flung the
material across the cabin. He then took my arm and guided me through the
quivering pennants of chiffon to one of the open portholes where he set my
fingers over the curved rim. The night air cooled my bare skin. I was bent over
with my bottom displayed like a model in an advertising shot from the 1940s,
and wondered what is it with men and bottoms. My bottom. The beachcomber

had spanked me, his companion had caned me, and I was now prepared for
another thrashing.
I wriggled and made myself comfortable. Out of the corner of my eye I
noticed the sheikh remove something from the chest of drawers and my flesh
erupted in sweat when I realised what it was. He was holding a whip with a short
handle, the long coil unwinding as he crossed the cabin towards me. Our eyes
met once more and I looked away, down over my breasts at the blue arabesques
on the carpet below my feet.
The sea slapped against the sides of the boat. The engines thumped like a
distant drum. I closed my eyes and clung tightly to the ledge of the porthole. I
had fought the man in the black turban, but I didn’t fight the sheikh. I knew there
was no point. I was trapped, the butterfly back in the cocoon. Like the Sultan in
the story from One Thousand and One Nights, the sheikh had to take revenge –
on the man in black, on my bottom that he had cruelly caned.
I took deep breaths. The sheikh was going to whip me. I knew that. But I
knew, too, that he was doing so without anger or malice. He was defining our
roles. With that whip licking my backside he was going to demonstrate that there
was no use to which I could not be put, no humiliation that I could not be made
to endure. He was the master and, as his concubine, any pleasure I experienced
would come from the pleasure I gave and from the obedience I showed. It was a
new world, a different way of looking at things, but it made sense standing there
naked on that hot night with my pussy moist between my thighs and my breasts
swaying like udders below me. I had always been looking for a role and my
being bent over in this way in the costume of nudity felt oddly natural, that
without papers and possessions and choices and haste I was free to be me.
The whip cracked, splitting the air. Then the whip cracked as the lash wrapped
itself like the arms of a lover across the rounded hills of my rump. The pain was
immediate, all-embracing, overwhelming. Unlike the man in black when he took
that beating on the beach, I didn’t hold back, I screamed, my voice piercing the
porthole and frightening the night. When you understand why you are being
disciplined it is easier to accept, but that doesn’t mean it hurts any less.
It hurts. It really hurts, the long snake hissing as it uncoiled for a second taste
of my damp flesh, carving a groove into the soft skin. I screamed again. My
body was shaking, but I spread my legs and didn’t move. When you know your
place in the drama, when your bottom is the star, you steady yourself, you hold
your legs firm and you count the lashes so you don’t forget how many you’ve
been given.
Down it came again. Number three. A snatch of lighting burning my poor
little bum and sending messages of pain up my back and down my thighs. He

must have changed his position and, when the leather crackled and uncoiled, the
next stroke snapped below the crease of my bottom and sent a finger of fire
burning up the canal of my vagina, boiling the liquids of my womb. Tears
coursed down my cheeks, snot fell from my nose, discharge coated the lips of
my pussy.
How many was that?
Four. Yes, four.
Then five, that ribbon of plaited leather finding a fresh course across my
bottom to sow and reap an excruciating harvest of agony. I screamed and in the
moment of screaming the pain didn’t seem quite so bad. I squirmed and
trembled. I writhed and wriggled. I was a fish. Liquids poured from my naked
body. My nipples sparked and fizzed like they were charged with an electric
current. I could smell the sugar almond sweat of my underarms, the smell of the
night air, the smell of sex, pungent, ripe, earthy, an aroma that is feminine and
carnal, the perfume of desire. I bit my lips. I almost went down on my knees, but
pushed back with my arms, holding myself steady. I gasped and I groaned and I
thrust my blazing bum out for the next one.
The whip struck like a snake’s tongue and the leather fangs took another bite.
I didn’t shake. I didn’t tremble. I panted for air. I sniffled and sobbed. This was
my first proper beating. I was a virgin. I was Scheherazade and my story was
about a girl who ran away without any clothes and discovered the unassuming
garments of submission.
I wanted the sheikh to be proud of me. I deserved this. I had cried out fuck
me, fuck me, fuck me when the man in the black turban rode my wet pussy to a
stirring climax. He beat me and then he fucked me. Fucked me until I screamed
for more. Fucked me until I screamed in bliss. Fucked me to a sniffling state of
hysteria and shame. I was a bad girl. A slut. A slag. A harlot. The sheikh was
angry. He had every right to be angry. Like the first wife of the Sultan of Persia
in the story of One Thousand and One Nights, I had betrayed him. I had betrayed
the future.
I had taken six lashes from the whip. The sheikh paused. I thought it was over.
I went to push myself up, but he tapped my bottom with the flat of his hand and
said something, and what he said must have been stay there, stay exactly where
you are. You stand up when I’m good and ready. I sucked air through my teeth.
My hair hung in a soggy curtain over my face. My breasts were trembling below
me. I clutched the porthole so hard my fingers hurt and the pain was a little
outpost of the pain that ran from the nub of my neck to the balls of my feet.
The sheikh tested the whip once more, flicking the coiled length of hide out
across the room like a lion tamer in the circus, snap, snap, snap it went. I heard

him draw breath as he took a step back. I pressed the lids tight over my eyes, and
the leather tail hissed with the sound of a sword being taken from a furnace and
plunged into water, the line of agony cutting a diagonal stripe across the
smouldering cheeks of my bottom, the knotted tip slipping over my hip to nip at
my pubic bone.
The scream in my throat died. There was no air in my body. I was like a house
on fire at that point where the fire cannot be put out. The house was crumbling to
ash as my strength left me and I collapsed in a heap on the swirling arabesques
of the carpet, weeping, the agony threaded through with an indescribable sense
of delirium. I could smell seared flesh and erotic discharge as warm juices
drooled from my vagina, coated my thighs and I gasped in obscene pleasure.
Seven.
I hoped it was a lucky number, that I was a lucky girl, and I felt like the
luckiest girl in the world as the sheikh lifted me from the floor, one arm
supporting my shoulders, the other under the crook of my knees, and carried me
along the cabin to a feather mattress where he put me down as tenderly as a
mother lays her newborn baby in a crib.
He rolled me on to my tummy. I lay there throbbing, panting, glowing. I heard
him shout. I heard the door open and close again. Cool air whispered through the
portholes. I was vaguely aware of the sound of his chewing. I heard him spit and
I felt the fire go out of the burning welts as he rubbed a paste delicately on to my
bottom. He had beaten me and now he was caring for me. I felt safe, protected,
at peace.
He chewed and spat, he chewed and spat, coating the welts in a creamy
substance that took away the sting and made my bottom feel cosy and warm. I
felt like a princess. Like Scheherazade. I had survived. My head was still on my
shoulders. Tomorrow was another story.
I must have fallen asleep and I dreamed that I was in my bed at home in Fulham;
content after getting myself off with the dildo Bobby had bought in Old
Compton Street for a joke, and he never knew on those nights when I stayed
home to wash my hair that the joke was on him. Bobby was the same age as the
sheikh, but Bobby was an apprentice in the art of sensual pleasure. The sheikh
was a master.
The moment I opened my eyes, I was fully awake, relaxed. I rolled over and
gazed at the chiffon hangings moving faintly in the misty light. The sting in my
backside had gone, completely vanished, and on the table at my side were the
skins from about a dozen Canary Island bananas. I remembered the sheikh
making the poultice that had hardened across the cheeks of my bottom and had

new respect for that clever yellow fruit with the pinprick freckles and a neat zip
down the side for easy opening. I pulled three bananas from the stalk and ate
them one after the other, gobbling them down, and I couldn’t recall ever having
eaten anything so sweet and delicious.
I pushed myself up, swept through the drapery and stood staring out of the
porthole massaging my sticky bottom. The fear of a thrashing is really much
worse than the thrashing itself, and I would spend many days trying to
understand how having your bottom disciplined can stir your body liquids into a
molten magma that erupts over the engorged lips of your pussy and leaves you
breathless, panting, in a state of euphoria.
Mmm. Lovely. I wriggled.
Just thinking about it made me feel moist and I took a big gulp of sea air to
calm myself. As I peered out at the churning ribbon of foam whipped up along
the side of the boat I thought how marvellously logical it was that I should be
carried away on the tide. My sheikh was Neptune, God of the Sea, his trident
that whip coiled in the drawer. He was a torrent of quicksilver emotions, hidden
depths, sudden storms, subtly shifting currents. My mind was filled with the
poetry of watery images that made me wonder if he, too, was a Pisces, that we
were two fish joined in the ebb and flow of the same ocean.
The air was clean, clear, and soporific. I felt as if I belonged in a way that I
had never felt clipping along the Fulham Road. There had always been
something bogus in the way that I hitched up my skirt and puffed up my boobs
to glide over dance floors, along office corridors, to step on the tube and climb
the stairs on the bus. I craved attention. I’d suck air through my teeth and turn in
mock anger every time a stranger touched me on the tube. My body was a
celebrity craving to be recognised. It had always irritated me when Mummy
called me a poseur, and I giggled as I thought: what if she could see me now?
I was wearing nothing but my suntan with a sticky dressing on my bottom as
the boat slid quietly over the dark blue sea – the same colour as the planet
Neptune, as far as I could recall. I didn’t feel phoney. I felt like me, natural, real,
living in the present. If the sheikh wanted me naked I wanted to be naked. If he
wanted to dress me, I wanted to wear whatever he dressed me in. All through my
life I had worried about what I looked like and what I wanted, what passing
caprice was going to please me. It was liberating to be standing there knowing
that from that day on my only role was to please him.
The last shadows of night had lifted and I became aware of the outlines of an
earth-coloured city emerging out of the dawn light. I could see castle battlements
and the domes and minarets on the mosques rising against the red-streaked sky.
Clouds glowing with pink underbellies hung over the mud-walled buildings, but

the clouds seemed to evaporate under my gaze and my view was drawn beyond
the city across the endless waves of the desert.
A horn sounded, ending the silence. I thought at first it came from the city, but
it was closer, the second blast bursting into the cabin, breaking the harmony. I
heard feet slapping over the decks and the sheikh appeared, speaking fast as if I
might have learned his language in the night. He pulled a woven quilt from the
bed where I had slept and wrapped it around me. He carried me back to the
divan. He held me still and stared into my eyes as he pulled a chiffon scarf from
the hangings above and pushed it into my mouth, cramming it in until I was all
but choking. He draped another piece of cloth around my head, covering my
face, and I was barely able to breathe. He rolled me in another length of material
and I felt the bundle tightening as he wrapped rope around me and tied firm
knots.
‘Shush, shush, shush,’ he said.
The material over my face was sheer and I could still see the light, but then he
added a piece of brocade and I was cast into darkness. I lay there listening to the
subdued activity above decks. I heard a loudspeaker and I was sure I heard
words of French, but it was too distant and muffled for me to understand
anything that was being said.
I heard boots crossing the deck above me. There was a quiet moment, then the
boots drew closer. The cabin door opened. I heard French being spoken in a
gruff way, then the door closed again. I realised I had been holding my breath
and breathed sharply through my nose.
The boots clattered about outside, then the stillness returned, and I lay there
trying to work out what all this had meant.
Were they pirates seeking plunder? The Coast Guard searching for illegal
immigrants? Or me?
Several more minutes passed and the sheikh returned. He unwound the cloth
from my head and pulled the gag from my mouth. He smoothed back my hair
and as he looked into my eyes it was as if he were gazing into the depths of the
ocean. Then he smiled, and I realised I had never seen him smile before.

Five
South of Nowhere
WHERE DO DAYS GO? They arrive with pink dawns and pass with red sunsets. The
hours were long, the air clean and hot. The sky was the shade of blue taken from
a picture book, the sky at night low and close, shot through with a billion stars. I
ate figs, bananas, dates, and learned not to drop food down me as I shaped balls
from the rice and vegetables cooked in the galley by Mo.
I had grown to know the sailors names: Mo was Mohammed, a wiry, older
man with a single gold tooth, a hooked nose like a bird’s beak and the face of a
thief from a story in One Thousand and One Nights. On those long hot days he
wore nothing but a loin cloth and cooled himself dropping a bucket on a cord
over the side of the boat and showering in seawater. Five times a day he unrolled
a mat and bent to the east to say his prayers, a ritual the other men seemed to
admire but felt no need to observe. They were Moslems in the way I would call
myself a Christian, as the sheikh had black hair and mine is blonde, these
accidents of birth and background assuming no importance; the men on board
were not weighed down with opinions or guilt and seemed at ease with
themselves and each other.
Azar was the engineer. He had coffee-coloured skin streaked in stripes of oil
and fingernails that would never be clean. The boat carried a solitary mast with a
lateen sail that barely billowed in the soft winds, and I had the feeling that it was
the genius of Azar that kept the craft going. When he came up from below
decks, sweating, drying his face on an oily cloth, he would light a cigarette and
stand at the prow gazing at the sky and listening to the beat of the engines just as
a mother at night listens for her babies.
Umah was a teenager, seventeen, maybe eighteen; slight as a girl with a high
voice and delicate hands that he moved like a dancer. He wore a string of beads
around his neck and you could hear the silver bracelets jangling on his wrists as
he moved about the boat like a bird moving through the branches of a tree. His
darting eyes followed me, not with lust or desire, but in the continuous state of
surprise a child has watching a monkey at the zoo. When our eyes met he

nervously smiled and looked away. Umah stitched the rents in the sail and took
turns with Mohammed in the wheelhouse, the silver bracelets growing still as he
navigated our course across the unvarying vista of empty sea.
Samir was my lover, my protector, my reason for being. He was a god we
obeyed and worshipped. He wasn’t a tyrant; a bully, a slave driver. It is the wise
master who leaves the whip coiled in the drawer. The sheikh simply saw the
world and everyone in it in clear uncomplicated terms. Like pieces on a chess
board we had our positions and the man in the black turban and the crew on the
boat understood and accepted that. Once you know who you are you can let go
of the things you crave and just be yourself.
Of course it was much easier to be myself on board the boat. There were no
magazines telling me what to wear and what to think, no advice on how to win
your man, please your man, keep your man. I had found my man and he seemed
content with me just the way I was. Time, that inflexible substance always
racing and running out, had ceased to have meaning. The days that passed were
seamless, the sun cut by the cooling breeze that appeared in the afternoon, the
stars at night shining like jewels, guiding the way as the star from the east
directed the Magi to Bethlehem with gifts of gold, frankincense and myrrh, a
balm with all the fine qualities of bananas ground with spittle and applied to
flaming bottoms.
I saw villages along the coast, the mud-and dung-walled huts huddled around
a white mosque, the desert beyond stretching out like a silent sea. Our journey
appeared to have no purpose. There was no hurry. We stopped for whole days,
anchoring to sand banks, resting the engines. We swam, the sheikh and I, two
creatures at the dawn of creation. The men lit cigarettes and cast lines strung
with corks and feathers that lay on the surface and pulled from the sea wriggling
fish of countless colours. They wrapped the catch in wetted cotton and we
gorged ourselves on grilled tuna, lobster and crab. On days when there was no
fish, we ate rice, some dates or figs, feast followed by famine with equanimity.
Slipping in and out of the sea and in and out of the cabin with my lover, I
ceased to recollect whether or not I was naked and when the taboo is broken it is
easier to break the next one, to move further from who you thought you were
and closer to who you might become. In me there were many women, infinite
nuances and possibilities. Sometimes a mist fell, consuming the boat and as we
moved through the void I watched Samir’s long fingers turning the brass bolts
that locked the portholes. He would place a taper to the lamps, his movements
performed with the minimum of effort, his shadow multiplied against the chiffon
flags. The moment our flesh touched, I was seized by an intense passion that
made the breath catch in my throat and his strong hands would stroke my arms,

my cheeks, my breasts, calming the violent forces that gripped me. We lived in a
fantasy on board the boast and when night fell I was afraid that tomorrow the
fantasy would come to an end.
In the morning, the sky clear once more, I would watch Samir shave over a
bowl of water content that the sun was rising and the crewmen were going about
their ablutions, Azar smoking his first cigarette, Mo unrolling his prayer mat.
Mo’s beard was pointed, neatly trimmed. Azar’s hair sprouted in a carpet from
just below his eyes, covered his broad chest and was kept in a long coil below
his grubby red turban. Like the sheikh, the boy was clean-shaven, bare of body
hair; all were lithe, muscular and keen-eyed, a primal archetype to which I was
slowly conforming. My mind was clear, serene, my memory in focus. Colours
grew brighter, the edges of things more distinct. Fish tasted as the first fish must
have tasted; as the fish on the Mount of Olives must have tasted. I knew by the
smell of the air if on that day there would be a breeze or whether it was going to
be sultry and still. I could distinguish the different cries of the birds that joined
us like spies on soundless wings, following our course before returning back to
the coast fed on the fish heads and scraps Mo threw overboard, maintaining the
cycle, wasting nothing.
Just as I had shed my papers and clothes, my preconceptions and past, the
superfluous bulk I had brought with me from London vanished from my tummy,
my thighs, my cheeks. I became sharper, sleeker, my hip bones and cheek bones
more defined, my bottom a dome divided in perfect halves. The cherry stripes
and blue bruising left by the cane and whip faded and I turned golden, flawless,
a goddess built it seemed for one thing, and it wasn’t writing cover notes for new
books. I was born to open my legs and open my mouth and bathe in the sheikh’s
syrupy semen, to swim like a fish in the sea by day and swim over and under the
smooth satin skin of my lover in the glow of the oil lamp at night.
Like a parched nomad arriving at a desert spring, Samir would throw off his
white turban to kneel as if in prayer below the arch of my legs, his palms
cupping my bottom, his tongue supping from my open cleft. No matter how
many orgasms oozed from me there was always more sap pressuring to escape.
We are ninety-nine percent water and by some miracle I turned the water into
wine, the vintage of the gods.
We mated on every cushion and mat, in every corner, against every wall. I
sucked him dry and I sucked him until he was hard and hot and ready for me
again. Like hunger and thirst, our sexual nature is coded into the lingering
compulsions of our primeval genes. My deepest instincts had been buried in a
quagmire of social conditioning and the sheikh, during those intoxicating days
on the boat, brought them bubbling to the surface. I wept in pleasure when his

cock nudged my clitoris, my song piercing the portholes, floating over the sea
and drifting into shells that washed to shore where beachcombers would hear my
voice as they raised the shell to their ear.
On those days beneath the blistering sun I was wild, insatiable, feverish. I had
everything I desired but still there was something missing, some stone left
unturned, some bridge uncrossed, some knot left untied. I recalled as a little girl
the ache at Christmas when I saw the parcels below the tree with my name in
Mummy’s big looping letters on the labels. I studied the parcels with their
ribbons and bows trying to imagine what was inside, and on languorous
afternoons in the cabin I found myself cast back into the past doing the same, my
eyes drawn to the chest of drawers, even though I knew perfectly well what it
was that lay curled and sleeping inside. I kept thinking about the whip, the way
that fiery tongue licked across my backside, driving me like the stem of a lily
through murky waters until on the surface of the pond my pink petals opened
and bloomed.
Was it really like that? Orgasms I’d read in my old life release endorphins that
give you a high and take away pain. I had climaxed under the whip. It was hard
to believe and, stirred by impulses conjured less from memory than imagination,
I dropped to my knees, slipped my fingers under the brass plates of the facia and
opened the bottom drawer in the walnut chest. I raised the coils of the whip to
my face and the lingering smell of my own discharge was like a drug, a ripe
perfume that filled my nose and brought tears to my eyes.
My fingers closed around the handle and the whip uncurled as I waved my
way through the forest of chiffon back to the mattress. We lay together entwined
like serpents, the brown leather turned in spirals around my golden flesh, the
short handle between my legs, the tail slipping between the cheeks of my
bottom, crossing my stomach and circling my back to emerge under my breasts
where the knotted tip lay in my cleavage like a talisman. The rough touch of the
plaited leather made my nipples sprout from my heaving breasts. I squeezed the
pink buds until they stung and panted with a sigh of relief.
It was sweltering hot, the air clammy, the slap of the sea against the hull a
gently striking cymbal to the heartbeat of the boat’s big engines, the light
diffused through the open portholes. I lay perspiring, dreamy, lazily turning my
distended nipples and fighting the temptation to put the handle of the whip to
some practical purpose.
When the door opened, the chiffon drapery shivered and Samir appeared with
a look of ambiguity and surprise, the tic on his neck that I watched when he
shaved vibrating as if a small insect was burrowing beneath the surface of the
skin.

He unwound his turban and folded the material, his eyes never leaving me. He
then took the whip handle as King Arthur took Excalibur from the clutches of
the rock and paused as if history were being made. I wriggled as he pulled at the
handle and the whip slid beneath me, the leather slicked and shiny as it slithered
through the lips of my sex.
There was no need to speak. There was nothing to be said. I wanted him so
much. I wanted him this way, a faithful slave with an indulgent master. I went up
on my knees to display my perfect bottom, my sex wet as a dew-kissed flower. I
was sopping, my labia running with the juices of anticipation, the puffy lips in a
nest of golden fleece peeled open and pushing through my thighs, pink and
inviting, fruit from an enchanted tree. My mind had turned off. I was all instinct,
all animal, and hungered for the searing swathes of the strap across my hide.
The sheikh cleared the flags from above, giving the whip space to draw
breath. I clenched my stomach muscles and the first crack was like a shot from a
starting pistol, its retort detonating a crimson flare across the small of my back. I
cried in agony and ecstasy and appreciated for the first time why those words are
placed together. I kept my eyes pressed tight and felt the glow from that first
stroke warm every part of my body.
Samir tested the whip, splitting the air, and brought it down again, the second
lash falling just below the first, the two lines like tracks vanishing into nowhere,
my limbs bucking, sweating, the fire on my naked flesh awakening all my
primitive longings. I dreaded the pain as the whip crossed the mounds of my
posterior, but it is at that moment when you feel the height of your sensitivity
and awareness, unconditionally alive. It is a level of being beyond the
commonplace, the accepted, the understood, where mind, body and soul dissolve
into the unknown. With that quill of perfumed leather the sheikh was writing his
name on the parchment of my bare skin. I had wrapped myself in the whip
because without words it was the only way for me to show that his will was my
will, that with the whip he would mark me as his.
As the pain subsides, a luxurious warmth winds through your guts and heats
the oils of your womb. I could think of nothing more feminine than being on my
hands and knees being disciplined in this way by my lover. My days had been
lost in eating and swimming, to hedonistic pleasures. I needed the taste of the
whip to remind me that I was alive to the point where even death had ceased to
be frightening. I could feel contractions. The lighthouse of my clitoris was awash
in pleasure and desire. If I died now, at this second, in the petite mort of orgasm,
my life would have been worthwhile. I would have lived the way I was born to
have lived. I would have transcended the mundane and touched the sublime.
This, I thought, is true happiness.

A momentary pause. A moment to draw breath. Then one more, a little lower,
placed expertly, the whip’s flashing tentacle scorching his name into the
unsullied flesh. The liquids gathered about my vaginal lips let go with a scented
spray fine as mist that filled the cabin with the aroma of ardour and want. I had
taken three lashes and was still sturdily on my hands and knees, stomach
stretched tight as a drum, my body wet, my mind wandering.
I remembered when the beachcomber bent me over and beat my bottom with
his hand. Even then, that first time, a turmoil of warped feelings began to emerge
in me. When I opened my mouth for his cock, it was such a relief from being
spanked I found perverse pleasure being abused in this way. He released his
come over my face and then pissed on me, over my cheeks and into my eyes, my
mouth with the sour taste of his sperm, my breasts, his hot pee trickling down
between my legs where I knelt before him wrists bound like a slave girl.
That scene came often to my mind. It was … amazing, sadistic, so bizarre that
such a thing could happen, that something in me at that moment died and
something came unexpectedly to life. I was the baby bird breaking the shell and
seeing that there was another world outside the nest. My life had always been a
lukewarm bath of mediocrity. My great fear wasn’t in being violated by a
stranger, it was slipping inexorably into cliché, familiarity and insignificance, an
ant on the ant hill with my short skirts and Wonderbra.
The beachcomber had changed all that with the first strike of his palm, the
pleasure he took in spraying me in piss all the greater because he must have
known it was something he should not have done, that stolen pleasure may taste
sweet but it will come at a price. It was little wonder that he was terrified and
stood there wringing his hands as the sheikh took the cane to the man in the
black turban.
After beating the man, I followed the sheikh to the waiting dinghy. I didn’t
think about what I was doing. I had no plans. I had no future or past. It was the
logical conclusion of my long swim from La Gomera, a way to reconstruct the
present. My thoughts were still taking shape, but I was aware, I had even felt it
at the time, that the obscene thrill that had touched me when the man in black
spread my caned cheeks was shameful and disloyal. I had stolen a moment of
pleasure that belonged in truth to Samir. I needed this second chastisement to
pay for that disloyalty.
I remembered back on the beach watching the two men staring out to sea. I
had been caught up in the drama of waiting. The boat was late. My fate was
delayed. But I should have known, somehow I should have known, that my
destiny lay just across the horizon. When the man in black violated me I should
have wept for him to stop. I had wanted to believe he was raping me. That’s

what my mind kept saying. But not my body. As I lay across the black hull of
the Zodiac gasping, I didn’t cry out in pain, I cried out for more.
Who was that girl in that other place, at that other time? That girl with a
boyfriend and a passport containing her photograph and a name no one had
spoken for more days than she could recall? That girl with invisible blinkers and
sixteen pairs of high-heeled shoes occupying closets and corners and dusty
spaces below the bed? Thoughts. Memories. They drifted away as the whip
spoke once more and I had to scramble back in my mind to remember how many
I had taken.
That was number four.
Three in straight lines, the fourth unfurling across my hips and tickling the
fine-skinned area just above the groin. At all the points where the stripe cut
across the first three lashes, little fires burst into life, pinpoints of agony on a
field of pain. I was rocking back and forth, sweating, crying, doing my best,
remembering again what Mummy said: beware of what you wish for. I girded
my loins, I pressed my eyes tightly closed, I steadied my arms and took deep
breaths through my open mouth.
As I wriggled the target must have been all the more enticing and the sheikh
let go with another lightning flash crosswise over my burning backside, that fifth
lash so close to the last one it felt as if I were being cleaved in two by some
supernatural force, the waves of pain touching every area of my body. The heat
was intense, suffocating. I felt as if I were wet clay shaped by the sheikh on the
potter’s wheel and plunged into a furnace.
All the air in my lungs gathered in a burst of energy as the whip’s moist
tentacle embraced my flesh and I released a cry of such overpowering force, the
people on the coast must have heard this primal scream and thought the day of
judgment had arrived, that the earth itself was about to explode. My strength had
gone. My arms were weak and shaking. My flesh was sopping. My nipples were
as hard as rocks. A great fist was clenching my entrails. I summoned one last
gasp of breath and whispered.
Whip me. Whip me. Whip me.
The sheikh unleashed the sixth long caress a fraction above my pussy and my
clitoris emerged erect from below its hiding place like an antenna beaming my
desire.
Samir dropped the whip and bent to lick my wounded bottom, the healing
saliva as he eased his tongue across the welts drawing out the sting. My pussy
oozed and the tip of his tongue carried the sticky sap from the pink lips of my
vagina to the winking black eye of my bottom. My hips and thighs clenched in
hunger and fear. He had fucked me and fucked me and fucked me, three times or

four times or five times a day, but my anus remained a mystery I wanted to
share. I had saved myself for my sheikh. I wanted him in my pussy and my
mouth and I wanted to feel his fierce cock drilling into the heart of my being,
into that part of me where no man had been before.
I had fallen back on to the mattress after the sixth strike from the braided
bullwhip, but I wedged my knees under me, stretched my arms and pushed back,
wriggling, grinding my butt, drawing his meaty tongue into the gaping black
hole of my deepest yearnings.
There is a little muscle at the entrance of your backside designed for pushing
downwards. By careful, and I suspected practised manipulation, the sheikh
quickly taught that muscle to work in reverse, to draw his tongue inwards and
upwards where it reached nerve endings that had lain dormant and now vibrated
with life. The pain from the lash had gone, evaporated. I was all want and need
and desire.
He spread my knees, opening me further as you open a folding ladder to give
it balance, and must in a few moments have rid himself from the burden of his
embroidered shirt and baggy trousers. Once more he licked and kissed the red
stripes he had painted across the mounds of my bottom and returned his clever
tongue to the squelching walls of my ass, a skeleton key picking the lock of my
secrets.
In and out. In and out.
Holding my cheeks. Making me wet. Slurping and sucking. The sheikh was
slow, restrained, patient. A connoisseur with a fine brandy. A horse whisperer
with a neglected pony. I wanted his cock in my mouth and I wanted his cock
buried in my backside.
I was born to be doing what I was doing, to be there at that moment with an
unknown man in an unknown place on all fours having my bottom lashed and
kissed, my anus moistened and reamed. My breasts hung like pendulums
marking time as Samir pushed his face into the spread cheeks of my bottom, his
fine tongue carving a path into the scented canal of my virgin anus. I was
swaying back and forth, moving with the rhythm of the sea, the motion of the
universe, the sheikh holding my thighs, his fingers finding their way into the
pungent fruit of my sopping vagina to graze the flaming nib of my clitoris. I
sighed with relief. I panted for air. I pushed back harder and when his tongue left
my drenched ass the pain of parting was delectable because my hunger would
soon be satisfied.
Samir’s cock pushed at my bottom as a hand pushes as an open door, with
pressure, not force. There was a momentary pain, as there’s pain when your
hymen snaps, but then I heard a faint pop like a bursting bubble as the head

slipped into that tight little hole. I was holding my breath, arms tense, my tummy
sucked in. I pushed back and he pushed forward, his cock slicked with slimy
discharge slipping in and out, deeper and deeper, and I let out the air I was
holding in a long and grateful sigh.
I was proud to have saved my treasure for Samir. It didn’t matter that the
beachcomber had pissed on me and the other man had made me cry out for more
as I lay across the side of the dinghy. All that mattered was that unique and
special moment as my lover’s cock rooted itself deeply and totally in the fertile
soil of my grinding ass.
Something missing had been found. I was complete. The walls of your back
passage are hung with elusive pleasure points. The walls are soft elastic that
stretch to take your man. It is where he wants to be, and it was where I wanted
Samir, me on my hands and knees, my mouth wide, gasping for air, his cock a
battering ram beating at the castle keep. I bucked like a donkey. I howled like a
wolf. I wriggled like a fish. I was feverish, hysterical. I cried in satisfaction. I
was finally fulfilled. If I had a dream, this was my dream, to be there in that
place where time had stopped, where the past and future had dissolved into an
all-embracing present.
While I screamed with pleasure when we made love, the sheikh had always
been hushed and it was a joy to hear the beat of his breath and the cry of his song
as his body stiffened and he burst in a screaming climax. I felt the hot gush of his
sperm wash through my insides and I sang out too in a roaring orgasm that stole
the last of my strength and we tumbled like an octopus in a mass of swirling
arms and legs.
The sheikh lay on his back sweating, exhausted, delirious, eyes shiny, his
chest vibrating as if the tic on his neck had infected the rest of his body. I
smoothed the hair from his brow. When I kissed his lips his tongue that had been
buried in my backside wriggled into my mouth and I tasted my own obscure
fragrance. My hand had drifted as if with its own will to hold his softening cock
and in my warm palm it began to harden.
From the moment I had opened the chest and gazed at the whip coiled in the
bottom drawer, I had wanted him in my mouth. I ran my kisses from his lips
over his chin, his throat, across his smooth chest and down to his cock in its nest
of silky hair. I licked it like a kid with a lolly, lick, lick, lick, my slobber making
it pop up rigidly as if asking for more. I straddled him like a pony and slipped
the shaft back where it belonged. It was my cock. It was on loan to the sheikh. I
needed it back. It had been deep in my ass and now I needed to ride the beast to
a second orgasm.
He arched his back, he thrust his pelvis and the little sheikh grew harder as it

slipped and slithered up my oily pussy, the juice and jism pouring out of me in a
deluge. I was gasping. He was gasping. I was coming. He was coming. The boat
rocked. The light filtered through the portholes. My thighs clenched. My
stomach clenched. The walls of my vagina clenched. As the sheikh tensed and
unburdened himself of his load, I came in a rolling, rumbling orgasm that made
me feel as if my whole body had turned into a throbbing greedy clitoris.
We collapsed, curled together and slept like two spoiled babies.
There is a dream that comes to me sometimes and I dreamed that dream of a
summer afternoon long ago when I was three or perhaps four and Daddy had put
a paddling pool in the garden. I was wearing a costume with red and blue sailing
boats. When I made it wet, it felt so uncomfortable I took it off. I ran naked over
the grass, a little chubby thing feeling alive, unchained, full of joy. Mummy
caught me and wrapped me in a towel. She didn’t say anything but, as she
rubbed me dry, the look in her eyes made me feel that in stepping out of my
clothes I was a naughty girl and all through my life I had been in some way
trying to get back to that garden in summer where I had for just a moment felt
completely free, completely myself. When the dream came to me, I awoke
feeling sad. The moment of greatest joy carries at its core the seeds of gloom, the
greater the joy the harder it will be to find that joy again.
I awoke suddenly and through the porthole saw a shooting star fade as it
crossed the sky. I slid from the mattress to gaze out at the night, the dream
swimming back into my mind. My backside was stinging and, as I stood there
holding the scored flesh in my palms, the sheikh woke and joined me, his naked
body bending to my shape like a piece from a puzzle in the place where it is
meant to be. We stood there in the star shine, two ghosts in the moon’s milky
glow.
He lay back on the bed, his penis against his thigh, Michelangelo’s David in
the thin light. When I knelt to take him into my mouth, a pull of sadness tugged
at my heart. In this life we had created, founded in the present, the past didn’t
matter, but the future was drawing closer as the boat journeyed south.
After great passion, when your energy has been consumed making love, when
you make love unhurriedly once more there is a sense of pure giving, of
togetherness. You are no longer trying to reach for the stars, your desire and ego
dissolve and all you want from this rejoining is to give pleasure without any
thought of taking pleasure. It is, I imagine, how old married couples join, with
familiarity and love, the long memory of countless orgasms carried like an echo
from the past into the present.
We made love slowly, softly. My vagina wept. Tears fell from my eyes and he
kissed those tears away as they rolled down my cheeks. He stroked my hair.

‘Habibi. Habibi. Habibi,’ he whispered.
Baby. Baby. Baby.
Time was stitching a shroud around me. I was trying to mine every grain of
happiness from every passing moment because the passing moment like that
moment long ago in the garden would never be repeated. On this boat without
haste or clocks I imagined a giant hourglass with sand slipping relentlessly from
top to bottom, and felt that night the rush of the sand going faster.

Six
Mauritania
IT CAME AS NO surprise next morning when I found the lateen sail hurrying us
along in a stiff breeze and the boat coated in sand. I watched Samir running his
fingertips through the fine red dusting on the side rail. He was gazing out at the
coastline, unchanging, veiled in mist. He turned, smiling.
‘Sahara,’ he said in that tone people have when they speak of home.
I touched the St Christopher at my throat. The journey was coming to an end
and another was about to begin.
Mohammed in his loincloth, eyes closed, was bowing in prayer, his words a
chant, rhythmic and familiar, though I had no idea what they meant. When Samir
called, Umah leaned out of the wheelhouse and listened like a nervous bird as
the sheikh rattled out his orders.
I followed Samir back to the cabin. Beside the chest where the whip lay coiled
was a trunk with a curved lid that Samir threw open. He tossed out pieces of
clothing I had never seen him wear, cotton shirts, pantaloons, robes, a scarlet
kaftan, cloth for turbans, decorative belts, a brooch with a spider like the pendant
he wore, the golden-limbed creature holding a pearl in its claws. He held up
different garments to see how they would look on me, rejecting one thing after
the other before shouting again for Umah.
The boy appeared in a moment, hurrying down the three narrow steps with a
pair of shears, a pincushion, white thread on a spool, a needle gripped in his lips.
The sheikh gestured dismissively, flicking his fingers as if to remind us that we
each had our place in the great scheme of things, and his wasn’t dressing a
woman. He pulled the door shut as he left the cabin, the drapes danced in the
rush of air, then stilled as if fatigued by the clammy heat.
It was the first time I had been alone with the boy. He said something, the
words spilling out, meaningful to him, meaningless to me, and his fingers
trembled as he unsnapped the fold in the sarong.
He had seen me naked many times, every day, but gazed at me now as if he
had never seen me before, as if he had never seen a woman before. The look in

his eyes wasn’t so much lust as surprise, and I wondered if he didn’t so much
desire me, as desire to be me, to share the cabin with the sheikh, and for all I
knew perhaps he had.
‘Kanga no,’ he said, as if he felt the need for explanation.
Kanga was one of the words I had learned. My sole piece of clothing was the
blue length of cloth, but when the woman had given me this gift on the beach it
had been a sarong and so it remained in my mind.
Umah circled me as you might a sculpture and, just as we are tempted to touch
the carved marble figure in a museum, he ran his fingers over the six red welts
carved into my backside. They were a badge of honour, not shame, and I wore
them with pride. They defined my position. What the boy didn’t know was that I
had offered myself up to be whipped. I had learned that my capacity for pleasure
reached the heights of ecstasy through pain, and was about to learn that in
ecstasy’s foothills there was pleasure too in treachery.
The inspection complete, Umah tutted and fussed as he went through the
scattering of clothing around the cabin, folding some pieces and putting them
back in the trunk, putting others to one side to reconsider. He finally settled on a
white hijab that he held up for me to try on. The tunic was open down the front
and had long ties that passed through slits on the opposite seams before circling
my waist and tying in a knot. The hijab was three-quarter length and
embroidered from neck to hem in dark green, the colour of my eyes.
‘As-salaam,’ he said; that’s OK, that’s fine.
‘Shukra,’ I replied; thank you.
He released the ties and went to get the pincushion. I raised my arms like a
Christian on the Cross, and as he pinned the first seam, his hands fluttered like
the wings of a bird over my sides. His cheeks brushed my breasts and I felt their
warmth. The boy was burning. I could hear the stroke of the waves lashing the
hull of the boat. The cabin was an oven. My breath quickened. My nipples grew
hard and my spine quivered like the string on a bow after the arrow has taken
flight, its journey unfolding on the flow of the air and the mystery of its own
sense of purpose. Zen archers hit their targets by closing their eyes. The lids
dropped over my eyes and it felt as if my body didn’t belong to me but belonged
to some force inside me, a girl with merely a vague resemblance to me; a
simulacrum.
You are what you think and being touched by a man, any man, made me think
of only one thing. I tried to refocus and ran the words I knew in Arabic through
my head.
Ruz – rice.
Samak – fish.

Mahia – water.
Shi – tea.
Insh’allah – if Gods wills it; it’s in the lap of the Gods; so it goes. It was the
word that defined me. Insh’allah.
The men said as salamu alaykum, which seemed to mean hello or peace be
with you. Samir called me habibi, his baby, his sweetheart. The crewmen called
me Chengi, which I thought meant girl, and I responded automatically when the
word left their lips. Without my red passport for reference I was beginning to
forget my name and it seemed so unimportant.
The boat rolled on the tide. I thought I heard a seagull which meant land was
close by. Was I embarrassed standing there with my nipples bristling and my
pussy damp? Was I embarrassed swimming naked in the sea with Samir. Or
coming up on deck after long afternoons screaming in elation?
Such concepts and uncertainties had disappeared from my mind. On the boat
there was no space for shame, for reflection, for privacy. I was a fugitive from
the past. The future like the African coast was veiled in its secrets. There was
just that second, fleeting, fragile, one puff and it’s gone. We are different people
at different times. The face we wear for our mother is not the face we show the
girls at school, your boyfriend, the shop assistant when we try on a new pair of
shoes. All things are in flux.
At sunset, the sky splashed in red and pink, I would wear the sarong as we sat
with the sailors to eat, this ritual having no meaning; the rituals we cling to most
fervently are constantly shaking loose from their roots: heredity, significance.
But I enjoyed the concept of dressing, the formality. During the day such
thoughts never entered my mind; dressed, undressed, spotless or grubby, hair
combed or uncombed, they were considerations left behind on the beach in La
Gomera.
I had always had confidence in my body and on the boat beneath the hot sun
on the sea to nowhere that confidence had become a new, primeval sort of poise.
I was grounded. Renewed. Like a photographer making adjustments to the lens
on a camera, we are constantly changing focus, light, distance, becoming and
discarding, learning and forgetting. I was lean, lithe, healthy. I was someone
else. I adored being filled by my lover. I enjoyed being naked. We discover the
depths of our humanity when we let go of reality and enter the realm of the
senses.
The boat to me was like the sea to the fish, I was on it and of it; I had
disconnected and become reconnected. People live their lives without ever
knowing who they really are, what they really want, what they can do and
achieve, or not do and not want to achieve. It was a relief to leave all that behind

and be me, Chengi, the girl with one driving passion that I sensed might be my
one fatal flaw; the two like yin and yang, each swirled together, complimentary
and opposites, the seed of one sewn in the heart of the other, mutually dependent
like mothers and sons, like fathers and daughters.
I was reminded for some reason of the tale of the injured snake. Walking
home from the fields one early evening, a man took pity on the snake, took it
home and nursed it back to life. The snake grew strong again and one day, it
sank its fangs into the man’s neck. The man asks in his dying breath: but why
after I have cared for you did you do that? Because I’m a snake, said the snake.
There is a similar story about a frog carrying an injured scorpion across a pond
only to be repaid by the scorpion’s sting. The scorpion explains to the frog that
the deed is merely his nature. I prefer the snake’s story. He doesn’t attack the
man merely because it is his nature, he does so with a hunger for betrayal.
Umah had finished the seams on the hijab and was pinning the shoulders from
behind. My back was wet. I could smell nervous sweat and didn’t know if it
belonged to me or to him. I could feel his erection through the thin fabric and
wasn’t sure if I were pushing gently back into him or if he were pushing gently
into me. Rocking with the roll of the boat, the rhythm of the tides, the drum of
the big diesel engines.
Was I ashamed that my body reacted so intensely to a man other that the
sheikh?
I was, yes. I was ashamed. I was surprised and excited and confused. I wasn’t
thinking, planning, conscious of consequences. I was a little girl running naked
in the garden. I was all instinct and lunacy as I pushed my bottom back harder.
All the time the boy had been peeping at me from the wheelhouse and from
behind the sail, following me, observing me, I had never imagined it was with
longing and lust. I had been wrong. His eyes that burned with melancholic
brightness had been burning with his unquenched desire for me.
He had climbed into the baking shadows beneath the tunic I was wearing and,
among the points of the pins, a metaphorical hair shirt, I could feel the warm
throbbing flesh of his hard cock knocking on the bruised mounds of my
backside.
What should I have done? What could I have done? My brain was in free fall.
With my eyes pressed closed, I could see myself from outside myself as I spread
my legs for balance and, with a momentary pang of guilt, a spice to the pleasure,
I allowed his erection to glide through the cheeks of my bottom and into my wet
vagina.
My mouth dropped open. Agh! I sighed, releasing the hot air trapped in my
lungs. My mouth turned in a rictus of pleasure as I heard the gentle slap, slap,

slap of flesh against flesh.
I always felt as if there were something missing and was made complete with
a man inside me. As much as I had despised the beachcomber spanking my
bottom, as much as I had hated the man in black throwing me over the side of
the inflatable and casually fucking me, in my raised voice weeping for more was
the truth of my deepest needs; the veracity of who I was when you peeled back
the layers of culture and education and conditioning.
Our brain is a circuit board with neurons and terminals ready to be wired. We
are born free, then programmed to obey our parents, to tell the truth, pass exams,
pursue and achieve, love and propagate, age and fade unfulfilled and uncertain
what it has all been for. We swallow the operating system with our mother’s
milk and sleepwalk into the forest of consumer illusion, craving shoes, houses,
cars, magazines, experiences that endorse our preconceived dreams and
opinions. We grow into our parents. We become clones, robots, matchstick men
thinking and saying the same, feeling the same, behaving the same, appreciating
in books and films and art shows those things we already recognise and
understand.
The swish of the cane and the snap of the whip change all that. The free spirit
transmutes physical pain into a mysterious joy so refined the wires fuse and the
programme is wiped clean. It is this pleasure that turns on the light and, in those
dark places filled with shadows and fear, we see in that moment of brightness
the hidden parts of our nature. When you take off all your clothes and swim out
to an unknown dot on the horizon, when you have survived being abused and
humiliated, you understand what it is to be fully human, animal and divine.
For ten days, two weeks, three weeks, it was hard to know, but on those long
hot days and long hot nights, I had become Chengi, a girl with no past and
whose one desire was for sex and more sex in all its erotic combinations. I loved
fucking. My short skirts and the sway of my hips as I paraded through the streets
of London were a glimpse of what I wanted to become and what I had become.
Lead a girl to the erotic well and she will bend over and wiggle her backside. It
is the will of our primordial genes. We don’t want to be an earth mother,
superwoman, the head of the company, we want to lie on our backs with our legs
spread and our vacant places filled. I had never known this before. But I knew it
now. And I had a suspicion that in those dark places we are afraid to go, all girls
have the same yearning, the same driving force, the same secret desire. In the
vagina of every girl there is a snake waiting for the magic that will bring the
creature to life.
Slap, slap, slap. The sound of flesh against flesh.
Umah’s hot breath warmed my neck as he thrust into me with frustration, with

hunger, with a sharp and concentrated fear. He would have seen from the deck of
the ship as the sheikh lifted the cane above his head and beat the man in black
again and again, beat him until I yelled for him to stop. The boy knew he would
be punished if he were caught. It would mean his life. Mine, too, perhaps. But
the boy’s longing was greater than his fear and I responded to that urgency, that
anarchic challenge to order and destiny. In me he had seen a glimpse of his own
earthly paradise and any sacrifice was worth the mortal risk. To be fully alive is
to walk in the shadow of death. In fucking like this, like animals in the wild, we
were triumphing over life to the point where death loses its chains and mystery.
His breath grew more urgent. I felt the dribble on my shoulder roll down my
neck and over my breast. His fingers clasped my hips like he was holding the
grips on a motorcycle and driving flat out on a mountain road. My mouth had
dropped open. My eyes opened and I gazed bug-eyed at the cabin door, half
expecting, half perhaps hoping that Samir would appear.
Sex like this, stolen, illicit, was the innate extension of what I had turned into
under the sheikh’s hand. I was fucking as a bird sings, as the waves roll out one
after the other, as the sun rises and sets. I was fucking because that was what I
was born to do, designed to do. I was doing what came naturally and knowing
that we might be caught in flagrante delicto warmed the fluids of my womb and
made my heart beat faster. This was insane. This was bad. This was life.
The drapes over my head were swirling about like a fog. I leaned forward,
gripped my knees and opened my body to take his full length into the depths of
my vagina. I could smell my own arousal. I could hear the squelching of my wet
parts like water running from a bath. I was like a female machine that had to be
oiled with male semen every day, three times a day. Like a violin, I improved by
playing, a Stradivarius superfluous without the bow, stroked by the bow,
completed by the bow. My body was an overture. I could hear the tolling bells
and the distant roar of the cannon bringing Tchaikovsky’s 1812 to a crescendo.
Contractions gripped my stomach, a fist squeezing and relaxing, squeezing and
relaxing. The nerve endings in my vagina began to sing and as the boy heard my
song he burst in a swelling orgasm that pumped his sticky liquids inside me. He
groaned and sighed. The muscles in the walls of my vagina took a firm grip on
his throbbing cock and my tummy lurched on the wave of a slow rippling
climax.
Spent, relieved, panting for breath, the boy’s cock grew limp. He slipped
down on his knees and, as I stood up straight, he pushed his head between my
legs and sucked his spunk from the sopping lips of my vagina, a criminal
cleaning away evidence from the scene of the crime.
It was over. It didn’t matter. It was past. I was doing that thing I do. Why cry

over spilled sperm?
The boy lifted the hijab from my shoulders, scurried to the corner of the cabin
and began altering the garment, sewing in swift stitches, transferring the pins to
his lips and then back into the pincushion. I tried on a pair of pantaloons that
were tight around the calves and baggy at the thighs. He pinned them, too, and
continued sewing. I wrapped the sarong around me and, as I gazed from the
porthole, a poem from fifth-year literature slipped into my mind:
With fingers weary and worn,
With eyelids heavy and red,
A woman sat, in unwomanly rags,
Plying her needle and thread –
Stitch! Stitch! Stitch!
In poverty, hunger, and dirt,
And still with a voice of dolorous pitch
She sang the “Song of the Shirt”.
Thomas Hood’s words came to me like the crackly sound of a far away radio,
a message from that other world. I put an inch of water in the brass pot and
washed the snail trails of semen from my thighs. I stared at myself in the mirror.
My lips were swollen. Pink smudges like the sky at sunset coloured my cheeks.
As I stared into my eyes, I caught a glimpse of Chengi, the sheikh’s concubine,
his prize. I decided not to feel guilty. If I felt guilty, he would know. Lovers
always know. You must hide your guilt then forget where it is hidden.
I went back to my place at the porthole. The mist had cleared. The coast was
closer now. I could see the beach, mile after mile of sand without towels,
umbrellas, ice cream, unspoiled, unpopulated.
When Samir returned to the cabin, I was still staring out to sea. I turned. He
smiled. I smiled. He didn’t know. He must never know. He said something to the
boy and the boy’s eyelashes flashed. The work would soon be done. That’s what
I thought he said, his fingers busy plying the needle and thread, stitch, stitch,
stitch, and I tried to recall the second verse of Hood’s poem but it had gone,
concealed in that place where the guilt was hidden. I had a new set of clothes
and I had a secret. It was more than I’d had when I left the island.
Samir came to put his arms around me. To hold me. Possess me. Could he
sense my treachery through his palms on my bare shoulders, through his fingers
that had caressed the red sand and now brushed my collarbones? The thought
that he might was something new to savour, an added spice to a favoured dish.
He ran his hand over my breast and down through the fold of the sarong to my
belly. I wasn’t wearing knickers. I never wore knickers. My pubic hair had

grown lush, a furry creature that he stroked as you would stroke a sleeping cat. I
closed my eyes and grew tense. I was ready for him. I was always ready. My
clitoris peeked from its cowling and I felt the soft pad of his fingertip circling
that vibrating little nub of eternal yearning. My breath caught in my throat. A
quickie standing up with the boy was an hors d’œuvre. I was ready for the main
course.
He knew. He knew me well enough. He removed his hand and stroked my
shoulders, calming me. He said something, people need to say things, and I
opened my eyes as I turned towards him.
‘Habibi,’ he said, and kissed me gently, something he had learned to do but
still didn’t come naturally to him.
He said something to the boy then left the cabin, closing the door behind him
again.
The view through the porthole remained the same, the silver sand, the
occasional clump of tall palms, but I could now also make out a point on the
horizon where the coast turned and disappeared. I could smell change on the air,
the push and pull of humanity, the reek of people crowded into one place. I
thought about London, my job, the Underground where men watched me. I had
always suspected what lay behind the shadows in their eyes, what they wanted to
do to me, to girls like me, but had been wired to misread their signals, to be
confused and upset when I should have been celebrating my unplumbed gift.
I recalled my bedroom in Fulham, the cupboard so full it was impractical to
take anything out or to add anything new to the sagging rail; knickers and bras
like silken sprites fleeing from open drawers; skirts and blouses back from the
dry cleaners suspended from the curtain rail on wire hangers under bags of
plastic. My shoes paraded across the room like shoes at a sale, red heels, black
heels, trainers, mules, cowboy boots, Crocs, espadrilles, French ankle boots.
I was a slender size 7 with a shoe fetish and there were times when Bobby
slipped his feet into my shoes. He squeezed into my pants and bras, filling the
cups with balls of tissue. He ran my stockings up his legs, snapping them to a
garter belt, he abhorred tights and adored the frippery and fantasy of being a girl
as he wriggled into my skirts, holding his breath to button blouses and pull up
zips. I painted his face, his long lashes, his sulky lips. In the red wig I had
bought for a fancy dress party, with his high cheekbones and small features, he
made a far more likely lady of the night than the trannies we saw hurrying on
clip-clopping heels to clubs in Soho. I am sure had he surrendered to my whims
and gone out cross-dressed he would have found something in himself he didn’t
know was missing. It is something every man should do, every woman should
do. How do we know who we are if we haven’t tried all the costumes in the

wardrobe?
Dressed as Roberta, he liked me on top and cried fuck me, fuck me, fuck me,
an echo of all things subtly connected, our life a glorious puzzle, a road map
where all things lead everywhere else. We are a mass of dissociative
personalities, potentials and promise. Bobby at his all boys boarding school
always took the female leads in the drama club, as did boys in Shakespeare’s
time. He was Juliet, Desdemona, Ophelia, Portia and Beatrice. He had a taste for
greasepaint and, as a journalist, he was a performer feigning interest in the
celebrities in which he had no interest at all. Bobby was a toff, a snob, a slender
boy with a silver spoon and a silver tongue, lanky and girlish with his narrow
waist, long legs, a pert little bottom I’m sure the masters must have considered in
need of discipline.
I enjoyed Roberta more than Bobby and had realised on board the boat as I
gazed at the orderly world of the shifting tides that when I had left my
underwear littered about my flat it was to tempt the her from him; that at those
times with Roberta deeply inside me it felt as if I were embedded in him, in her,
that I had grown a phallus and had the power to release in us both the spectral
majesty of the ultimate orgasm as surfers travel the oceans of the globe in search
of the ultimate wave.
My new suit of clothes when I put them on brought back these memories in a
sudden rush and they seemed like false memories; memories that belonged to
someone else, the doppelganger Chengi who remembered Bobby like a character
from a film or a book; so real as to seem real when the reality was Umah tying
the ties on the hijab, adjusting the shoulders, admiring the fine stitching, a slave
to his art. I stepped into the pantaloons. They were snug now, made-to-measure.
‘Perfect,’ I said, and he grinned.
Umah had flawless teeth, white and even, full lips. Like the sheikh. I had let
this boy fuck me. Just like that. It was unbelievable. It was wonderful. And it
meant nothing. It was just sex. I was living the reality of who I was, of what I
was capable of becoming, and didn’t know that one day it would save my life.
The boy produced a long white scarf edged in a green curlicue pattern that
matched the embroidery on the hijab and matched my eyes. He dug into his
tunic and, like a magician, pulled out a handful of hairpins that he used to pin up
my hair before wrapping the cloth in coils around my head. He tucked the tail of
the scarf below my ear and showed me how I could tuck in the remaining short
length of material in such a way that I concealed my mouth and chin.
I stepped away and looked in the mirror. With the turban covering my hair
and the tunic hiding my shape, I looked like a boy, like an Arab prince from a
story by Scheherazade. I looked as Bobby would have looked wearing these

clothes. Umah made some adjustments to the turban. Our eyes met and he held
his finger to his lips.
‘As-salaam,’ he said.
‘Insh’allah,’ I answered, and he nodded with great seriousness. We are, each
one of us, in the hands of fate.
When I climbed the steps to the deck, I could see the waves swelling over the
rounded boulders at the point. I could see fishing boats rocking in the swell,
some buildings painted in pastel colours, the paint faded; the tower and dome of
a mosque like a white lighthouse and a white egg poking above the line of the
horizon. I could smell civilization, salt, dust, fish, history.
Samir spent a long time looking at me and nodding. I tried to read every tic
and change in his features. The sheikh and the sailors communicated with shrugs
and gestures, by the most minute ripple in their brow, an eye opening or closing
a fraction, a nose flaring, a chin jutting, by an array of movements and
manoeuvres that registered shock, anger, doubt, joy and indecision. When the
sheikh beat the man in black and when he flogged me with the bullwhip, his
expression had been the same even though the thoughts running through his
mind must surely have been different.
Umah was standing to one side, shoulders bowed. When the sheikh spoke, the
boy raced back to the cabin and returned with the spider brooch which Samir
pinned at that place where my cleavage peeked through the fold of the hijab. I
studied Samir’s features as he connected the clasp and didn’t know if this
addition to my costume was for reasons of modesty, if the brooch were a gift, or
if the spider motif marked me as his now the six welts on my backside were
hidden.
Azar climbed on deck, wiping sweat from his face like a miner rising from the
pit, eyes blinking constantly against the noon day sun. He lit a cigarette and
nodded with approval when the sheikh presented me to him. He said something
and Samir danced about guffawing with laughter.
What had Azar said? What was their humour? I was like a baby without
language, a plaything to be adored and protected, and like a baby I laughed, too,
as Samir swung me round to check my rear view. He turned me back to face
him, his features like chips in a kaleidoscope arranged in expressions I had never
seen before. Samir liked me dressed like this, like a boy, like a pasha, like
Aladdin, like I was somebody else, and that’s what love needs, to be constantly
changing positions and personas.
He adjusted the spider and said something.
‘Insh’allah,’ I said.
When they laughed I hid my face with the tail of the turban, and they laughed

more.
Azar went back below decks and Umah started to take down the sail. The drum
of the engines slowed as we rounded the point and an earth-coloured shanty
town began to develop before my eyes, the small fishing boats in the foreground
each with a man dressed in a loincloth and turban standing and casting a net by
hand, their skin baked black by the sun, their limbs sinewy and strong. The
beach was littered with boxes and crates, broken boats and bits of machinery.
The walls of an ancient fort spilled in ruins down from the hills and, below, the
buildings rose up without pattern or design, arches and towers shoulder to
shoulder at different heights and styles, the architecture of chance.
The sheikh’s boat had a name but the script was in Arabic and I had never
learned what it was. Before us was an interchangeable row of similar boats tied
hull to hull along a jetty that could have been thrown together by the tide, by the
same hand of chance, the uprights made from the trunks of palm trees, all at
different heights, the deck pieced together from tea chests and packing cases, the
landing place, the buildings, the very town, an illustration of the impermanence
of all things.
Seagulls wheeled through the air above, screeching. Men on shore and the
men on board cried out, the combination of voices an operetta. I could smell
food and sweat and dust and smoke. The boy threw an anchor far off from the
stern and I stood with the sheikh at the prow as we slowed to a stop by hitting
the end of the jetty, the jolt making the entire structure rock back and forth
before settling once more. Mo stepped out from the wheelhouse with a rare
smile, his gold tooth gleaming, his pointed beard neatly combed, and I realised
that this was home and they were happy to be home in a way that I never felt
when I had been away and returned to England; that for me growing up in
Washington and Geneva, nowhere was home.
The men unloaded the sacks we had brought with us from the island. They
contained the shells the beachcomber had fondly displayed in the fish shed on
the island. I had no idea why they had brought them, why conch shells from the
Canary Islands would be any different or have greater value than the shells that
must surely lie along the shore beyond town. That was the extent our cargo.
Three sacks of shells. And me.
Samir stepped ashore. He looked away as I jumped down behind him and
didn’t take my hand. He looked back, hooked the turban across my face, and his
malleable expression seemed to set and harden.
Mo leapt down to the jetty and went to make sure the man securing the rope
from the prow to one of the palms was doing a good job. Umah lashed the boat

to the boat on our left before joining us, and when Azar appeared he was
carrying two guns of the sort I had seen on television; AK-47 rifles, as far as I
knew. I physically felt my heart skip a beat as he tossed one to Mohammed and
jumped ashore with the other over his shoulder.
The man who had tied up the boat sidled up looking suitably deferential. The
sheikh produced a big, soft leather wallet, pulled out a note and the man slipped
away tucking the money in his blue tunic. I had no idea if this were a gift, a tip,
baksheesh, or a landing fee. For all I knew, the man could have been a customs
official or an immigration officer.
On the journey, Samir had shown me where we were going on a chart, his
finger running down the coast of Africa, El Andaluz, Maroc, Mauritania, our
destination, a land where I new no one and nothing, although I liked the roll of
the vowels – Mauritania, a word and a sound that summoned up a world of
intrigue, mystery and danger. The sun above baked my skull. I was paperless and
penniless amongst men with deadly weapons, and as we set off along the
swaying jetty I recalled Chekhov’s law: the gun revealed in the drama goes off
before the story ends.

Seven
Caravanserai
THE MOMENT WE LEFT the jetty the heat hit me like a hammer striking a gong. It
felt as if I had walked into an oven, a furnace, into the heart of the sun. It had
been July when I was in La Gomera. By now it was surely August, the hottest
month, the light piercing the thin air making it hard to breathe. The sky was a
turquoise mirror without cloud, the shimmer along the shoreline creating the
impression of movement where there was none. We were in the grips of
stillness, of calm, of stasis, a time between times.
I used to have a pair of sunglasses and missed them now. My skin ran in rivers
of sweat. Even with the assortment of new aromas wafting from town, I could
smell my own smell, the scent of a woman for whom sex has become her reason
to get out of bed and to make her way back to bed as soon as possible. I was both
ashamed of this new me and proud of this new me. We carry contradictory
feelings and emotions. I adored being naked and I was pleased concealing the
secret in my new clothes.
Umah was just behind me, a sack over his shoulder. As I glanced back, he
lowered his gaze. He was afraid and I took from his fear an unexpected sense of
contentment. It occurred to me that my pleasure counted more to me than the
boy’s anxiety, that the self-centred nature of forbidden sex makes it all the more
potent, that betrayal and duplicity were merely ingredients for more and better
orgasms.
I remembered a girl I had known at school telling me that when she first went
up to Cambridge, her tutor was so angry at the poor quality of her first essay, he
made her bend over his desk and slapped her bottom with the manuscript. She
had been shocked and humiliated. It had bought tears to her eyes. She considered
going to the authorities to complain, but decided wisely to sleep on it. By the
time she awoke the following morning, she just found it old-fashioned and
amusing.
She redid the essay, her tutor said he was satisfied, and she felt a twinge of
disappointment that their meeting was brief and formal. She deliberately made a

mess of her next assignment and, when she went to see her tutor, instead of
wearing jeans, as she had the first time, she wore a short flared skirt. There was a
complicity, a bond, an understanding. She bent over the desk, he lowered her
knickers and used the flat of his hand to spank her. The game went on for the
next three years, her tutor guided her education, she left Cambridge with a first
and was now working at Conservative Party Central Office.
I had not believed the story when she told me, but I believed it now. I had
been a prude, a tease, a quasi-virgin. Just as a yawn makes you yawn and a burst
of laughter makes you smile, thinking about my old schoolfriend with the
unknown man beating her backside sent a shiver down my spine and put an
involuntary wiggle in the cheeks of my bottom.
I grinned and gazed back at Umah, flashing my eyelashes. He had no way of
knowing that keeping the secret was just as important to me as it was to him; that
just as it had been surprising to him that I had allowed his erection to pierce the
sacred halls of my vagina, it had been surprising to me, too; an instinct, the pull
of gravity, the memory of our coupling, dewing the parted lips of my sex as I
wriggled my way through the dusty streets, the scent of my discharge rising to
my nostrils sweet as an English rose.
Yes, I had become obsessed, a flower opening in the garden of earthly
pleasure, the whip, the cane, a hand striking the mounds of my backside. I
breathed sharply through my teeth as a thread of moisture trickled down my
thigh. I wasn’t wearing knickers and vowed never to wear them again. The
future was uncertain, the future always is, but whatever happened to me, I was
glad to have escaped London and to be exactly where I was at that moment.
With the exception of that old schoolfriend working for the Conservatives, if
most of my other friends could have seen me now they would have called me
cheap, fallen, a concubine. They wouldn’t have understood; just as I didn’t
understand the spanking tendencies at the best university in the world. We use
just a third of our brains, a third of our body’s potential; I was finding my hidden
depths, hidden fantasies. I was playing catch up with the unknown and hidden
me.
Behind my veil I was smiling. I was also thankful that my arms and legs were
covered and the white folds of the turban shielded my skull from the teeth of the
sun. The spider gripping the front of my hijab glittered as if with inner life, the
pearl in its claws a moon reflecting the sun’s light. I kept looking down at the
brooch as you look into the eyes of your lover, or your image in a shop window,
the fleeting inspection to make sure you are there, that you are real, a peep for
veracity, not vanity.
As we left the coast and made our way into the warren of sand-coloured

shops, I was overcome by a feeling of belonging, that I was part of the tribe, a
part of something, but the sense of individuality that had evolved in me on the
boat had gone and I would have to find a new self, a new role, a new way, I
suspected, of pleasing Samir.
Only a few minutes had passed since we disembarked, but Samir on land
seemed different from Samir at sea; more aloof, taller, if that were possible. He
strode ahead in leather shoes, the laces untied, shoulders back, his crisp white
djellaba swaying in such a way that people approaching stepped aside for him to
pass. There was a class system defined by the clothes you wore and I wondered
how I, a fake in sheikh’s clothing, fitted into the construction. I had grown used
to being naked, now I would have to learn to travel in clothes and in disguise.
Like the sailors, I was barefoot. My toes burned in the dust and I soon gave up
trying to pick my way through the red gouts of beetel, chewed up and spat out;
the steaming remains of dung dropped by donkeys and gathered for fuel; the
random piles of waste where dogs scavenged and chickens pecked.
Cicadas sang from the trees like clicking castanets. At a crossroads with a
water trough in a small dusty square, green-feathered birds sat in lines in the
shade below the fronds of tall palms. It was too hot to fly. Even the flies were
idle. There were scores of donkeys pulling carts with two wheels, handcarts
made of wood, bicycles, camels that lumbered along like prehistoric creatures
oblivious to the Toyota pickups and the occasional rush of a black-windowed
limousine hurtling through winding streets just wide enough to take them.
Men baked samosas on braziers, the spicy tang clinging to the air; they sold
newspapers, packets of Kleenex, single cigarettes, fizzy drinks in buckets of ice,
CDs. A wailing lament grated from two small speakers balanced on a barrel
where a rat chewed at the electric cord, the owner of the machine lazily brushing
the rat away, the rat returning again to sharpen its teeth. I watched the rat and I
watched the man. They had the same patience and composure, and I imagined
this game they were playing had, like a myth, been going on through eternity.
The boat was a time machine that had taken me back to some slower, simpler,
hotter age, to Babel, perhaps. The people wandering by, mostly men, spoke in a
polyglot of tongues and revealed their clans in the patterns of their djellabas and
turbans: Berbers in brown stripes, Tauregs in blue, black Arabs in cloaks and
white gowns with headdresses pinned with gemstones. I saw a man wearing a
red fez with dancing tassels and yellow slippers with upturned toes; a man
playing a tambourine while a sad-faced monkey danced a jig. Shoeshine boys sat
in the dust with brushes and bottles of polish, and men in dhotis, doubles of
Mahatma Ghandi, sweated and wheezed as they pushed by with handcarts laden
with sacks of grain, cages with raucous chickens, logs from invisible trees. Only

the assault rifles and the whiff of diesel reminded me that in this multi-ethnic,
multi-cultural mix we were in the present, that the Tower of Babel had spread
across the entire planet.
The women in the streets were equally diverse, unveiled in bright dresses, in
kufis, mud-cloth and rags. Some wore yashmaks, headscarfs, black burkhas that
engulfed their bodies and hid their eyes behind a mesh. It was illogical to me that
in the blaze of the sun black was the colour chosen for those women, they must
have been suffocating inside those pleated tents, each step in the 45 degree heat
an unrelenting chastisement. Better stripping off the carapace and baring your
ass for the whip, the cane, the horny hand. I found the black burkhas selfimportant, a subtle form of superiority, the sign of a link to some higher
authority when in truth there was none.
I enjoyed watching the black women gliding by with baskets of fish balanced
on their heads, the baskets buzzing with flies, the women moving like boats, like
dancers, their bodies swaying, each foot gripping the ground beneath them as if
magnets were joining and releasing. They wore thick-lipped smiles and long
kaftans with intricate blue tattoos decorating their faces and hands.
The town was like a giant souk without pattern or order, everyone joined by
business and barter, the maze curving off in every direction like spokes on a
crooked wheel. Sheets strung across the lanes created islands of shade and made
each turning appear intriguing and ominous. The buildings were squat and solid
with thick walls and small windows, mostly barred but without glass. Outside
the occasional café, usually on a corner, the façades there decorated with flatroofed arcades, the only place where there was relief from the heat. It was here
below the arches at zinc-topped tables where men drank shi and mint tea. In the
shadows, hookahs bubbled over bowls of hot coals, the smell hypnotic, and I
breathed deeply each time we passed.
It was a new challenge leaving the boat, but our pleasures need constant
change; paradise must tire given time. I had been reckless allowing Umah access
to the sheikh’s concubine, but I seemed to thrive on fear, the thrill of having a
secret; even secrets shared are better than being an open book with no secrets at
all.
I wasn’t sure why I had been dressed in the clothes I was wearing, not that
there had been anything else on the boat, and the way the soft fabrics had been
taken in by Umah didn’t conceal but betrayed my feminine curves and features.
Perhaps it was all a game, Samir’s sense of humour, and I strode along imitating
his distinctive walk finding new pleasure in the variety of sounds and smells, the
new sights meeting my green eyes that peeked out between the gap in my turban
and the strip of material covering my mouth.

Men stopped to greet Samir.
Salaam. Salaam.
They moved their fingers to touch their brows and hearts before bowing and,
when they touched palms, it was with a gracefulness that made shaking hands
appear brutal and competitive. I remembered the story of Salahaddin meeting
Richard the Lionheart during the Crusades. The two great warriors compared
their causes and compared their weapons. King Richard used his broadsword to
demonstrate the power of the Cross by cutting clean through a block of wood.
Salahaddin described the subtlety of his faith by tossing a silk kerchief in the air.
He held out his curved rapier and the blade cut through the fine material.
Richard the Lionheart was an open book. Salahaddin had a secret that vanished
with his passing.
An Arab in a brown tunic with a red-and-white checked keffiyeh and a gun
over his shoulder stopped our party as we entered an arcade. He salaamed and
Samir stood legs apart, hands on hips like a pantomime sheikh while the Arab
rattled out his story, gesticulating, shrugging, and finally calling into the depths
of the arcade.
Four black Africans, three men and a pregnant woman, emerged from the
shadows with cases and bursting shoulder bags. Samir studied them for a
moment, nodded thoughtfully before speaking, and when the Arab translated, the
Africans smiled with relief. They were boat people, new immigrants, and
Samir’s nod of approval meant that he would be sailing north to the Canaries
again soon; it had to be soon or the woman would have her baby in Mauritania,
not Spain.
Would he take me with him?
Was I part of the crew?
Perhaps I should have spent more time learning how to trim the sail and
grease the engine. I had devoted my days to the marvel of multiple orgasms, to
the vain delights of nudity, to the obscure charms of the whip, in my growing
cravings and masochism. I had found my role and couldn’t bare the thought of
Samir leaving me. I wanted to touch him now, touch his cheek, his arm, his long
marble cock, see him smile that smile when he left his load in my ass, my
vagina, my mouth, over my face, my breasts, my belly. I wanted to be oiled with
his seed, savour his taste on my tongue. I wanted to feel the warmth of his flesh,
but in the crowded maze of the souk men did not greet or see or acknowledge
women, not even a white girl dressed as a boy smelling ripe with lust.
My heart was beating faster in my chest as we moved further along the arcade.
We turned into a doorway with a carpet hanging on the wall outside and entered
a warehouse containing rolled carpets and stacks of boxes bound in tape with

Chinese characters on the sides.
Samir and a young man wearing blue jeans, a tee-shirt and Nike trainers
greeted each other by slapping hands above their heads like two rappers, like
basketball players. They were the same age, the same caste, I imagined, and the
stern expression Samir had been wearing dissolved into the sort of smile I had
only a moment before been summoning to my memory; that smile that gripped
his lips when we lay together in the cabin on long afternoons of frantic love,
those times when I was sure he was truly, unequivocally himself.
The crewmen unburdened themselves of the three sacks they had carried from
the boat. Hanif, the man in jeans, unloaded the shells and studied each one. They
were similar yet unique, like fingerprints. I was sure I recognised the conch the
beachcomber had been carrying when he found me, a naked Venus emerging
from a shell on the beach, from a beach of shells. I had been sleeping and during
my slumber the portals in my brain like the windows of an Advent calendar had
opened or closed or changed or something. Within moments, the beachcomber
had tied my hands and spanked my ass. I let him. I liked it. No wonder I had let
Umah fuck me without a second thought.
I was making up for lost time. All those lost orgasms. All those men who had
slipped by like ships in the night. It’s easy to lose yourself, that inner thing that’s
you and become a puzzle of pieces put together by the hands of others, a vector
of their opinions, a cut-out from a magazine. Boarding school, uni, a job in
publishing arranged by Daddy. I had done nothing, achieved nothing. Doors had
always been opened for me and on the long swim from La Gomera those doors
closed and others swung open. I had learned in biology about left-brain, rightbrain activity, and recalled that the two different hemispheres are responsible for
different modes of thinking. The left brain is logical, sequential, analytical,
objective. The right brain is random, intuitive, subjective, capable of being a
complete and utter slut.
I watched as Hanif traced his fingers over the bulbous lip of the conch, it was
pink and shiny as if wet. His fingers slipped into the mouth of the shell and his
gaze strayed to my face. I unhooked the tail of the turban and turned to Samir,
who seemed to approve of this game of eyes. I belonged to him. He was showing
me off.
Like the conch, I was a rare object. We had made the same journey. Now we
would part, move like the wind further and further from where we came from,
seashells in the desert as precious as water, shade, white girls from the north.
Like the shell, I was a commodity, I could be bought and sold, as could everyone
and everything, but it was different here in this land of barter and trade. These
people made their wealth by what they did, what they made with their hands,

what they exchanged and transported, while we had found ways of making
money from moving money, from debt, from celebrity biographies with the lies I
composed for the back cover. I had felt in London shallow and cheap, a cipher.
Barefoot with a wet pussy among strange men in the middle of nowhere, I really
did feel that I was me, that I had crossed the Rubicon from my left brain to the
right.
We moved to the corner where divans and low tables had been set up on a
platform of some ten or twelve carpets below the sails of a wooden fan that
revolved lethargically above our heads. This, I assumed was the office, the place
where Hanif made his deals and did his business. A servant brought tea in a
silver pot with a curving spout that stood on a tray with glasses and a bowl with
cubes of sugar. There were some hard biscuits that could break your teeth, which
I ate out of politeness, and the men avoided.
We lounged on the divans listening as Samir and Hanif talked like eager boys.
They had similar voices, low but melodious. I tried to imagine what it was they
were saying, but had no idea what it is men said, what Bobby said to his friends.
Men were a mystery. Our connection was physical, sexual. It didn’t matter what
they said because what they said seldom had anything to do with what they
meant.
I looked down at my filthy feet and couldn’t imagine that they would ever be
clean again.
Mo and Azar lit cigarettes. Mo and Umah never spoke, but Azar would
occasionally say something and the others would roar with laughter. His face
was filled with life and his lips were crimson like a strawberry in the nest of his
wiry beard. He seemed more at ease with me dressed, and it occurred to me that
a naked girl without inhibitions could be less pleasurable than painful for a man
like Azar, that those weeks on board the boat he had remained below decks to
avoid glancing in my direction.
Time slid by like the blue smoke agitated by the fan and sent off to slide
across the low ceiling. There was no hurry. There was never any hurry, and the
men finally shuffled to their feet as if guided by an inner clock. We made our
way out through the back entrance where a Toyota pickup was waiting with a
driver. Samir climbed in the front and I scrambled into the open back with the
sailors. Hanif shook Samir’s hand through the open window, but he was
glancing at me. I was sure they were talking about me and wondered if this were
conceit on my part. Without language, I had begun to believe that the words
turning around me was the cosmos turning with me at its centre.
The town vanished behind us in a matter of minutes, the track climbed a faint
incline and suddenly there was nothing before me but the desert, wave after

wave of red sand rolling out endlessly like the waves of the sea, and it seemed as
if the wave was the fundamental form of the universe, curving, changing, driven
by the winds, appearing and disappearing without trace, as do all things, that
there is only this moment and we must make of it all that we can.
The road was bumpy. I was sitting on the ridged metal surface of the flat-bed
leaning against the cab. Each bump inflamed the tender stripes across my bottom
and a delicious pain ran up my spine. A particularly vicious bump made me
wince and Azar rolled up the sack he had been sitting on and gave it to me.
‘Shukran,’ I said.
‘Assalamu alaikum,’ he replied.
Our eyes met for the first time. Under all that hair, Azar’s features were
delicately carved and his eyes were the colour of dark honey, liquid, sensitive,
filled with longing and passion. It was obvious what he wanted and it was such a
small thing it made me sad that I would never be able to provide it. Well, never
say never.
A few minutes later, he said something and pointed ahead. He scrambled to
his feet and gave me his hand, steadying me as I stood and leaned against the
cab. I shielded my eyes. Azar’s grip tightened about my waist and I gazed across
the sea of sand. From out of nothing, a mirage had materialised on the horizon, a
shimmer at first, movement, forms, then lines growing cleaner as we drew
nearer.
Rising out of the desert was a red fortress with slender turrets and broad
towers, the tallest of the towers capped in a golden dome. Around the walls, the
caravanserai of shacks and tents seemed deserted in the burning heat. Trucks and
pickups were parked randomly as if abandoned, and I could see hobbled camels
and donkeys harnessed to carts like chimeras, like creatures in a painting by
Goya. Beyond the caravanserai the dry dead waves of red sand rolled out
endlessly in their burning glory.
A man in long cloak emerged from the heat haze like a genie appearing from a
lamp. What is your wish? Ask and it shall be given.
I recalled this setting from a dream, from a glimpse of déjà vu, and
remembered waking in my bed in my flat in Fulham, Bobby dressed in my
clothes, fast asleep, makeup on my pillow, and me wide awake telling the genie
that my wish was to have an adventure that I would never forget. Beware of
what you wish for! How silly Mummy’s sayings were, I thought.
The man in the long cloak disappeared and may never have been there. I
pushed closer to Azar, his warm flesh smelling of the engine room. Already I
was nostalgic. Life was slow, but the driver kept a heavy foot on the accelerator
pedal and I felt safe with Azar’s strong arm about me, the vehicle turning with a

sudden jerk of the wheel and careering towards the red building. Beyond the
thick walls I could see an oasis of thorn trees, eucalyptus, banana plants, date
palms, a stretch of reeds that must have been growing along the banks of a river.
We passed through the open gates and entered the compound. Azar gave me
one last squeeze that I’m sure bruised my ribcage and leapt over the side of the
truck as it skidded to a stop.
Women and children ran out from every corner clicking tongues, kicking up
little cyclones of dust. They flocked about Samir as the enchanted children
gathered to the Pied Piper, or Father Christmas, not that he was bearing gifts. On
the contrary, he carried nothing, no clothes, no cases, just the Kalashnikovs on
the shoulders of his men and the leather wallet buried in his tunic.
Two older men with teeth stained red from betel joined the crowd; they both
spat heartily into the dust and pushed the women aside to welcome the sheikh,
salaaming, bowing, gesturing to their heads and hearts.
Samir patted the children, saying a few words to each one, a star on the red
carpet greeting the crowd. Some of the women were growing hysterical, tears
welling into their eyes, and refused to budge when he waved them away. A
much older woman with wizened hands, her white hair uncovered, fell to her
knees and held the hem of the sheikh’s djellaba to her lips.
Mo and Azar drifted away from the throng. Mo was listening to a woman all
in white speaking without pause as she moved backwards before him. Her eyes
danced with that fusion of laughter and light that said Mo was her man, her
husband, and she loved him.
Following behind them was a cluster of children of various heights like a
collection of Russian dolls, the boys small and wiry, images of Mohammed, the
girls with the same open faces as their mother, their pastel djellabas stitched in a
variety of colours, the fabric light as air. As they disappeared into the building, it
occurred to me that Mohammed and the woman were not as old as I had
assumed but the sun and wind and toil made them appear that way.
Azar had grabbed the arm of a girl. They hurried across the courtyard, the
bells about her ankles ringing as she skipped along at his side, and I couldn’t
help wondering if Azar would think of me as he peeled off her clothes and took
her in his arms. Would he drink from the cup of her warm vagina? Would he
spank her and caress her, fill her every orifice with the creamy seed that must
have been mounting inside him since we left the island? I would have adored
being there to watch.
Ojala!
If only!
I had noticed the girl the moment I stepped down from the pickup. Drop

earrings patterned with green stones fell like constellations from her ears. Her
face and hands were decorated with henna and her eyes as they met mine
contained a glimmer of recognition and rivalry. Inside the walls of the fortress
she was that obscure object of desire, the femme fatale, and my mysterious
arrival disturbed the sexual equilibrium. The girl would have sensed Azar’s
hunger, smelt it on the air, felt it in her groin. The female is born knowing. She
bares her backside as a symbol of empowerment and every line left by the whip
and cane are the strands of an invisible basket she weaves to make marriages,
build dynasties, rear sons. If a vision of me diving naked from the side of the
boat slipped into Azar’s memory as he made love to her, my only desire was that
it would be the best fuck of her young life.
My cheeks burned as these thoughts entered my mind. The warm air, the
muted colours of sand and sky, the smell of men, the dancing fabrics of the girls’
dresses as they glided through the red dust combining in a cocktail of intense
sensuality, and it occurred to me in this place with long hot nights and endless
time there was no shortage of the pleasures of flesh meeting flesh. We imagine
in the west we have cornered the market in sex but isn’t it merely the idea of sex
that we celebrate, the Photoshop vision of sex, the YouPorn version of sex?
I turned my attention back to Samir as he spoke to the driver. The pickup then
turned in a circle, throwing up dust as it left the compound, and the sheikh
clapped his hands in such a way that the women and children got the message
that the greeting was over. They scurried back to where they had come from,
vanishing through open doors and into shady passageways.
Just the older men chewing betel remained. Samir spoke to them briefly and
their myopic eyes turned suspiciously in my direction. One of the men said
something that sounded like a reproach and Samir was clearly irritated, raising
his voice and brushing away his remark as you would brush at a bothersome fly.
The man looked at me in my white suit of clothes, my face uncovered, shook his
head and walked slowly away. The other man joined him without a word.
The sheikh called after them, but they made no acknowledgement and one
spat again into the dust.
Samir shrugged as if what they had to say was of no consequence. He strutted
across the compound, his robes swaying, and I trotted in small steps behind him.
Just as he had taken me on a tour of the boat that first night at sea, he guided me
through the maze of rooms, courtyards, corridors, flights of roughly hewn steps.
The fort was a labyrinth from which my one escape would be among the crew
when the boat next sailed and, should I be left behind, I would be devoured by
the Minotaur of boredom and despair. On board the boat with the horizon always
ahead I had been living fully in the present, but in the shade of that warren of

thick walls and small shuttered windows, of old men and flapping women, the
future appeared unformed and uncertain.
The rooms we passed through were bare except for a carpet or straw mat, a
solitary piece of home-made furniture, a spinning wheel, brass and copper pots
and pans, bead-covered gourds. There were no photographs in frames or pictures
on the walls, no mirrors. Everything was clean, but the walls and floors had been
shaped from the sand of the desert and the desert was encroaching on the space,
slowly crumbling, claiming it back.
We rose up to another floor where the arch-shaped windows offered a glimpse
of eternity, the surreal beauty of the desert beyond drawing the eye and mind and
soul. The sun was past its zenith and the sand was darkening. We climbed
another flight of stairs and he unlocked a door that gave on to a walkway with
crenulated battlements decorated in earthenware tiles with a pattern of spiders.
I was wearing a spider brooch. The sheikh wore a spider pendant. I wanted to
know what the spider signified, why the spider tiles and the walls in which they
were set were the same colour, as if subtlety and discretion were more important
than show and embellishment. Everything I saw challenged my formerly held
ideas and opinions, the very culture of the west. In my world boasting, exhibiting
and flaunting were expected and encouraged; your accomplishments,
possessions and 34C-cup breasts in an uplift bra being the sum total of who you
are.
The domed roof of the turret at the end of the walkway was decorated in gold
and I imagined at night the light of the moon made the dome shine like a beacon.
Windows like the arched slits in the walls of Norman castles circled the turret
and, to one side, a ladder with the wood bleached white as bone climbed up to
what turned out to be a stone tank. A bung cut from a car tyre was set in the
bottom of the tank and, when Samir pulled it out, water clear as crystal poured
from the hole.
We stripped off our clothes. There was block of hard soap on a ledge and we
washed each other in the antediluvian shower with the sun falling over the sea
somewhere behind us. I soaped his back, his shoulders, his bare chest, his
genitals, his cock that sprang to attention. I had been thinking of his cock all day.
Even when the boy slid sneakily into me from behind it was Samir’s soldier that
entered my imagination. The arc of water washed away the soap and I fed his
cock into my mouth.
We dried in the lingering heat. I tasted the buttery yeast of his pre-cum and
left his cock wanting more, pushing it against his belly as I stood, the moist tube
of flesh throbbing between us. I ran my tongue between his teeth, feeding his
own zesty tang into his mouth. We were cannibals. We wanted to eat each other.

He pressed back, his kiss that had always been reluctant, uncertain, filled with
vigour and passion as if his own taste was as much an elixir to him as it was to
me.
The women must have been busy downstairs in the kitchens. I could smell the
scent of baking bread and roasting meat rising up through the stairs and corridors
of the fort and my own body rose like dough, cooking in the hot air of the late
afternoon as the sheikh lifted me in his arms and carried me into the tower below
the golden dome.
We entered a round room, the floor layered in carpets, the light diffused
through slender arches, windows without glass. Already my body was coated in
perspiration. Moisture leaked from between my legs and trickled down my
thighs. He stood me down and we kissed again. As we parted, I gazed up at the
inner circle of the dome and felt a rush of vertigo. My head was spinning. I
wanted him to slap me. Shake me. Remind me what it is to be fully awake and
living in the present.
I leaned forward in his arms and bit his bottom lip until he winced with pain.
His eyes blazed in sudden confusion and I grinned as I slipped from his
embrace. I fell to my knees and scurried off, sniffing out the corners of the round
room, barking and wailing, wiggling my ass. The sheikh thought me totally mad,
I’m sure, but naked together we spoke the same language and when his hand
came down on my rump I let out a long sigh of relief. I had been a naughty girl
that morning on board the boat. I needed to purge my sins. I remained on all
fours, pushing out my bottom, revelling in each slap that warmed my skin and
brought the memory of the bullwhip back to life.
Yes. Yes. Yes, I cried.
Aewa. Aewa. Aewa.
The sheikh’s hand came down again and again. Slap. Slap. Slap. Gleaming
trails of discharge slipped down my legs. Warm juice coated my labia. I pressed
my eyes shut and the secret chemistry that converts pain to pleasure was like a
shot of adrenalin injected straight into my heart. The ring of those slaps echoed
around the room, escaping through the arched windows, and I thought briefly of
the bells tinkling about the ankles of the girl with the hennaed face and hands,
those big drop earrings like stars about her carved cheeks and long elegant neck.
When Samir tired of slapping me he fed his erection into my vagina, my hot
oils greasing the way, the mystery train of erogenous zones and nerve endings
flexing, parting, drawing him in until I was filled to the brim, and had there been
more I would taken everything. I held his weight on my outstretched arms, my
fingers spread on the wine-red arabesques patterning the carpet, my breasts
shuddering. My clitoris was a burning bush and with each thrust the flames grew

higher.
He was about to come. I was about to come. Worlds colliding. It was too
quick. I needed more. I always needed more. I collapsed on the floor and as he
fell on top of me, I wriggled from his spread limbs and rolled him on to his back.
His cock quivered above his belly like an arm reaching out of the sea. His limbs
were tense but the muscles of his body relaxed into a state of grace as I took his
erection into my throat as the lock consumes the key, as the threads on a nut take
a grip on the coils of the bolt, my mouth a silken cloak that wrapped his precious
manhood in its limpid chains.
Agh. Agh. Agh.
He sighed. He cried. He arched his back and gyrated his hips. I sucked his
balls. I rimmed the gash in his helmet with the tip of my tongue. I nipped and
nibbled, sucking like a child with a piece of toffee. I coated the purple head in
saliva and licked it off again. I ran my teeth up and down its silky length as if his
cock were a mouth organ and I was a virtuoso playing the blues. I could hear an
acoustic guitar, drums, the slow growl of a saxophone, Soho nights gone, for
ever gone, scattered ashes of the past. I had slithered from that old snakeskin me
and would never be able to climb back into it again.
Just as women adore their breasts, men adore their cocks. They want you to go
down on bended knees, worship them, pay obeisance, genuflect, make offerings.
It makes sense that the phallus through the ages has been revered and venerated,
sculpted and exaggerated. All life emerges from the cock. I loved this cock. I
wanted his cock. I wanted to bite it off, gobble it down and keep it safely inside
me.
His body was beginning to stiffen, spasm, the thick clotted cream stored
somewhere in secret places warming, growing, bursting from their pots and
erupting in a great wave that filled my throat with the clean taste of the sun and
sea, lemon and honey, figs and yoghurt. I stopped myself swallowing, crawled
up his chest and let his sperm slide over my tongue into his mouth. We kissed,
his spunk lubricating our faces, and I went back for seconds. I sucked him until
he was hard again and when he was ready, warmed like a loaf in the oven, he fed
the holy phallus between the cheeks of my spanked bottom into the wet walls of
my pulsating anus.
Fuck me. Fuck me. Fuck me.
I swivelled my hips and wiggled my bum. I was a machine gone wild, a train
without brakes. I could hear the slap, slap, slap of my breasts against my chest,
my lungs screaming like overworked bellows, the fierce beat of his breath like
the motions of the sea, one hand tucked in my groin, the other beating the plump
spread flesh of my backside. Come on girl, you can make it. Faster. Faster. My

clitoris was fully erect, fully aflame, and the fire spread through my entire body
as an orgasm burst from me like a tiger bursting from a cage.
The light had changed. Night was coming. I lay beneath the crook of his arm,
spent, drained, mouth open, Samir taking short sharp breaths like a diver, his
cock flaccid against his thigh, my ass burning, and I thought of Azar and the girl.
Samir ran his palm softly over the bronze curls of my pubic hair. He said
something and of course I had no idea of the meaning. He went up on his knees
to explain in mime, whipping up lather in his palm, making a razor from his
forefinger, shaving the hair until my pubis was shiny and smooth like a sea shell.
He ran his finger from my pussy in a line up over my belly, between my breasts,
over my chin and I sucked his razor finger when he reached my mouth.
There is a moment’s melancholy after orgasm. Something has come and
something has gone. Something created has crumbled to dust. Something saved
is spent. There were twelve arched windows spaced evenly like the digits of a
clock around the tower. He seemed to know it was time to go and I felt like the
lover when her man leaves to return to his wife, and perhaps that’s what I was.

Eight
The Dancer
HE LEFT ME PANTING, tingling from the top of my head to the soles of my feet, my
rump burning, my rear slicked in his sweet jism.
I thought of Umah and smiled.
It didn’t matter. Nothing matters. It was the sheikh who made my body sing.
A digit slipped instinctively between my wet cleft and the pad of that moistened
fingertip ran in circles around my clitoris, the feeling making me drowsy, and I
thought the shape of my distended clit was the same as the dome above my head,
that magnified a million million times the two would make a perfect fit.
My eyes closed. I must have slept and, when I awoke, the room with its
twelve arched windows was silvery with starlight that bathed my body in fairy
dust. I showered beneath the water jet and dressed in my suit of clothes.
When I reached the door from which we had entered the walkway around the
battlements, I was surprised to find it locked. I pushed at one side, then the other.
I ran my palms over the woodwork; it was smooth, buffed by wind and sand, the
surface furnished with a brass ring coated in verdigris and a row of studs spaced
along the cross spars. The key hole was framed in a decorative brass plate. I bent
to look, ran my fingers over the design, and realised it was the shape of a spider.
I tapped tentatively with the brass ring, the sound muted in all that empty space,
and stopped myself knocking again. It was more dignified to wait, to allow
events to unfold.
The night was warm, clean, pure, the sky like velvet, the light pale as a ghost.
I wandered along the battlements watching shooting stars, the death display of
exploding planets, the music rising from the compound slow, lyrical, hypnotic. I
was a prisoner of the universe and wondered for a moment if I would be able to
fly should I leap from the fortress walls. I was locked behind a studded door but
felt totally free.
On board the boat I had found myself, the inner me, masked in the subtle
manipulations and influences of our times, the me hidden by the very clothes I
chose, or rather had been chosen for me by designers and photographers, the

editors of magazines, by the consumer machine. Little girls are dressing like
adults, their hobby now is shopping not playing, their dream to grow breasts so
they can flaunt them in the high street. Long before boys awaken from the long
sleep of childhood, girls are aware of their sexual selves, the erotic potential
school and society and mothers combine to crush.
I thought about Mummy with her straw hat and leather gloves, a hostage to
the garden with its busy trellises hung with wisteria and roses, its old olive jars
bursting with rhododendrons, the plastic paddling pool folded away in the shed
like a guilty secret. Mother had always done the right thing, said the right thing,
dressed and thought and behaved the way she had been told to dress and think
and behave. Once we moved back to England from Geneva, Daddy started doing
whatever it is he does in Whitehall, and Mummy became a shadow; a woman
who had lost herself because she had never found herself. She had always done
the right thing, and I had a feeling that the right thing is always going to be the
wrong thing, that you find yourself by stepping out of yourself.
Mother was tall and slender. She could have been a dancer, an actress, a
something, and she chose to be a garden ornament, a foot soldier in the war
against the weeds inside the garden walls and the chaos outside in the big bad
world.
Time slips by like the wind.
I waited. It is the way of the desert. When the lock finally turned and the door
opened, it was Umah who had come to get me. He looked nervous, and I stroked
his cheek as you may stroke a spooked pony to reassure him. He beckoned,
drawing me behind him as you tease a fish from the sea on the end of a line. I
followed barefoot down the narrow flights of dark stairs to the courtyard.
During the day, the fort had the shabby look of a grand ruin from the Middle
Ages. At night, a celestial display above our heads, the space lit by oil lamps and
flaming torches, the compound was vibrant with music, dancing flames from an
open fire, the smell of frankincense, hashish, cooking oil, the spiced and
seasoned foods arranged on wooden platters and in silver dishes under the arches
along one side of the courtyard, the women moving like whispers in their long
flimsy djellabas, the bells about their ankles softly ringing.
Musicians played flutes cut from gourds, lutes of the sort troubadours played
at the time of Shakespeare, timbrels, finger cymbals, drums covered in stretched
animal skins. The drummers maintained a complex, contradictory beat in an
atonal rhythm different from anything I had ever heard before. It was music that
didn’t merely awaken the senses, but impregnated them with lush sensuality.
As I moved beyond the musicians I saw the girl who had vanished earlier in
the grip of Azar’s big hand. She was dancing, framed by the firelight, her

movements captivating, mesmerising, so astonishing it took my breath away. I
gasped. My heart beat faster. Sweat prickled my underarms. Samir was sitting
cross-legged on a mat among a group of men. He turned, aware of my presence.
Our eyes met and he flashed a look I had never seen before. As he focused once
more on the girl, I did the same, my toes moving involuntarily in the red dust
beneath my feet.
The girl was performing a belly dance, leisurely, to the rhythm of the slow
drum, as if she were making love, her gestures snakelike, her hands above her
head plaiting a rope from the sky, her hips, sharp as knives, cutting a poem from
the sultry night. I was moved by the sheer immodesty of the display, but also the
immodesty of her costume that didn’t so much conceal her nakedness, her
sexuality, but enhanced it. She wasn’t dancing, she was masturbating, she was
performing fellatio and cunnilingus with herself and everyone who saw her. Me
included.
The girl’s head was covered in a beaded, tight-fitting cap which extended over
her face in a veil made from the same pearly-white beads. Her fiery eyes looked
out from two diamond-shaped slits and the pearls hung in strings that jiggled
over the lower part of her face. The same pattern of loosely-threaded beads
stretched across her breasts and, as she moved, so one breast was briefly
uncovered and then the other, her timing so precise that she was both continually
covered and naked at the same time, the effect like a shimmer, a flicker, a
mirage, her restrained movements accompanied by the jangle of the bracelets
slithering up and down her arms and the bells about her hennaed feet.
The dancer wasn’t fat, she was thin with gracefully carved limbs, but she had
a belly, a small, round perfectly formed dome of gyrating flesh that made my
eyes water and my mouth go dry. Her belly button was adorned with a green
gemstone and, below her belly, just above the pubic line, she wore a skirt of
chiffon strips like those in the cabin on the boat, each tucked into a beaded belt,
the transparent veils shifting in such a way that you could see glimpses of her
pudenda, her round bottom when she turned; these hints of her sex coupled with
the fact that her face was hidden by the beaded veil all the more alluring.
I had never been attracted to girls. I had experimented, of course. All girls do.
But that night in the desert, my vagina throbbed with yearning, ached with
desire. I wanted to feel that little round belly pressed against mine, her tongue in
my cleft, my tongue sucking her sweet juices. I desired her as I had never
desired any man. Not even the sheikh.
It was at first a shock that such an erotic performance would exist here among
primitive people, but I realised instantly that this was the prejudice of my old
world coming back to haunt me. We assume we have conquered the market in

all things sexual with our tabloid newspapers, celebrity gossip, the reality shows
that capture a world that is unreal; silicone breasts, lap dancing, speed dating.
We imagine the girls in magazines and the hunks that guide them into
limousines are having better sex, more sex, tantric sex, erotic sex, threesomes,
orgies.
We ask ourselves why our own sex lives are empty without stopping to think
that the flawless breasts and square jaws decorating the covers of magazines
have been doctored, air-brushed, back-lit, that half-starved girls and pumped up
men on steroids aren’t having better sex, they aren’t having sex at all. Our world
is a fantasy, a sleight of hand, a trick of the eye. Even the money in our banks is
an illusion. Perhaps Mother knows that. Perhaps that’s why she has escaped
from the world and vanished into the garden.
The men and women in that compound on the edge of the desert, an unmarked
and unmapped oasis in Africa, didn’t have these thoughts, these doubts. They
were living the life we imagined, the life we dreamed existed, a life guided by
the senses; the forces of nature. These people were real and, as I stood there with
my long skinny body hidden by the white tunic and pantaloons, I felt invisible,
mind without matter, the light left from a shooting star that died long, long ago.
The dance went on and on, the girl’s shadow magnified by the firelight and
repeated around the walls like a vast mural. The music quickened, the girl
moved faster without losing grace, that quintessential object of desire becoming
more desirable, a reminder that if there is a God he placed us here on this earth
to mate, to love, to find joy and happiness in everything we do and where else
but in our sexual nature can we find complete and utter bliss? We are not made
to work, to save, to achieve, to appear on reality TV. We were designed for sex.
This thought had been approaching me every since I sailed away on the sheikh’s
boat, and the girl’s erotic performance had finally embraced my mind like a
revelation.
The dance ended. The string players and cymbals stopped suddenly and, to the
slow beat of a single drum, the girl vanished like a will-o’-the-wisp, her feet
barely touching the ground as she slipped into the shadows and was gone. There
was no applause. The men remained where they were sitting while the women
floated from the arches with bowls of baked fish, roast chicken dipped in red
sauce, green peppers, onions, falafel, rice, unleavened bread hot from the oven.
The men dug in with their fingers, working the rice and peppers and fish
together into precise balls they popped into their mouths, and it occurred to me
that even in the way the people took their food there was a spontaneity, a
naturalness we had reduced to ritual with our knives and forks, our manners and
conventions. We had formalised eating to a level where all joy had gone,

replacing the taste sense with alcohol, a glass of white at lunch, a beer after
work, a good Rioja at dinner, but not too much. Even our needy little greed for
the grape we diminish counting units, drinking, while regretting every glass;
eating, while trying to stay thin; seeking friends who endorse our own opinions.
People like us. I suddenly didn’t want be people like us. I wanted to be people
like them. I wanted to be me and, standing there in the moonlight knowing no
one, without a name, in mortal danger, I felt more like me and more alive than I
had ever felt in my twenty-two and a half years.
I watched until Samir beckoned and sat where he indicated, at his side but just
behind him, in the circle but not a part of the circle. I noticed Hanif, out of blue
jeans and wearing a white djellaba, the same as Samir, his white turban held in
place by golden braids. He was one of several men who were clearly chieftains
of some sort, while Azar, Mohammed and Umah were part of a secondary group
of a dozen or so men who completed the ring in the shadows beyond the
firelight.
The two older men who disapproved of my presence wore the same sour
expressions and one of them spat as the sheikh slowly unwound the turban I was
wearing, unveiling me like a painting. I shook my head and my sun-bleached
curls spilled about my shoulders. He was showing me off as people show
holiday snaps after their two weeks in Tenerife; as in the days of exploration
travellers returned to Europe with rare birds and tobacco and natives with bones
through their noses.
The men continued eating, nodding meditatively as they studied my hair, my
eyes, their dark gaze following my fingers as I went to unpin the spider brooch at
my breast. In those weeks on the boat, I had grown accustomed to nudity.
Without clothes I was the version of me that fitted my vision of me, the alter that
was real, organic, pagan. Perhaps I may have felt a need to compete with the
beauty who had danced in those diaphanous veils; that in this world of the senses
I was validated by my sensuality, by revealing what is normally kept hidden.
Samir covered my hand with his to stop me and I looked up into his eyes. He
squeezed my waist, digging into the spare flesh, demonstrating that the gold
standard for beauty here in Africa where people went hungry, wasn’t skeletal
sacks of skin and bone but the well fed belly of the dancing girl. He sent me off
to join the women, gesturing to his mouth that had swallowed his own semen
that afternoon to indicate that I should go and eat.
Like the men, the women were neither welcoming nor unfriendly. I was
flotsam brought in on the tide. I would remain or I would depart, and both
eventualities they treated with equanimity. The woman whom I had assumed
was Mo’s wife waved her small hands over the bowls and platters. I ate standing

up. I was suddenly ravenous, and the food was delicious, fresh, strange, exotic,
tastes that touched my senses and made my fingertips tingle. I moved from one
bowl to another, filling my belly, testing everything, the turmeric and red sauce
burning my cheeks.
The girl appeared, still practically naked, the veil gone, a cape about her
shoulders, the bracelets motionless. I could see in the light of the oil lamps lines
of henna radiating over her features. A black beauty spot rested above the curl of
her top lip and, from just below her bottom lip, a finely-etched tattoo ran down
her chin, over her throat and continued in a thin blue line between her breasts,
over her seductive belly and disappeared below the low slung belt of beads, the
line following the same course the sheikh had taken with his finger down my
body that afternoon.
I looked into the girl’s eyes, two balls of black fire floating on lakes of the
whitest white; eyes full of vivacity and mischief. Her long lashes and heavy
eyebrows were darkened in kohl. Around her eyes and curving down her cheeks
were two arcs of pale green and dark green sequins, the same shades as the
stitching on my tunic; a sign, it seemed, that everything is connected. She
smiled. I smiled. She moved closer, close enough for our bellies to touch, and
licked the turmeric stains from my cheeks.
My breath caught in my throat and a shiver zipped up my spine. My entire
body was a touch paper on a firework and suddenly I was fizzing. I was about to
explode, atomise and reform with new ideas, new opinions, new desires.
Everything I had ever known was forgotten.
I had gone into a daze and came out of it as the older woman made a cackling
noise in the back of her throat. As I glanced at her, I realised how similar she
was to the girl, an older version. Perhaps the girl was eighteen and she was her
mother, a woman of less than forty but aged and worn, and I thought that this
time of being young was so fleeting you had to grab it before it passed, that in
life we get one opportunity to indulge our fantasies, and this was mine. Perhaps
one day in the distant future I would spend my hours pruning roses below the
shade of a straw hat and I would smile and be happy as I thought back to that
summer when all inhibitions disappeared.
The woman gave me a beaker filled with icy water and I wondered how they
managed to keep it so cold without refrigeration. I drank the water down in one
gulp and she filled the beaker again from a gun metal-coloured urn.
‘Shukran,’ I said.
When I gave the beaker back to her, she touched my hair, running it through
her fingers. She said something to the girl and they both laughed.
‘It’s like straw,’ I said, and they shrugged on hearing these meaningless

words, and I thought I’d give anything for a bottle of conditioner.
‘Maysoon,’ the girl said, pointing at herself, and she repeated her name.
‘Maysoon.’
‘Chengi,’ I replied, and the women laughed once more.
The musicians began to play again and I was astonished when Azar got up to
dance. His movements were harmonious but awkward, his long loose hair flying
about like a cloud of smoke. Where the men in the circle had sat spellbound and
silent when the girl danced, they now clapped and laughed, and the more they
laughed the more exaggerated Azar’s dance became.
Maysoon pushed me forward and we moved closer as Mo stood to join in the
display. He placed his hand on his heart and bowed. He appeared to ask Azar to
dance, and Azar curtsied in a feminine way that made the men roll back and
forth in peals of laughter. The dance was like a tango or a salsa, a dance from my
world but bizarre, and I wondered if it were me they were mocking and, if it
was, I didn’t mind. We deserved to be mocked.
The two men finally fell over and Azar leapt on Mo and appeared to be
kissing and biting his neck. The men in the circle rolled about and slapped each
other on the back.
The musicians packed up their instruments and went to eat. I followed with
Maysoon and joined Samir as the men came to their feet. We strolled through
the open gates, Samir and Hanif with some other the younger men, and I noticed
that Azar was close by with a Kalashnikov over his shoulder.
Along the near wall, closest to town, the caravanserai that had appeared
lifeless during the day was thronged with little camp fires and gatherings of men
without women amusing themselves with primitive games and chatter. I watched
an older man with a white beard fleecing a younger man with the three shell
trick, moving the shells in arcane patterns over a lacquered tray, and no matter
how many coins the young man slapped down on the ground, never once did he
find the pea beneath the right shell.
Samir had a go and lost. Then Hanif. Then another man.
The sheikh had another go and, when he was about to choose, I put my hand
over his to stop him. The night grew silent. All motion ceased. Even the snake
charmer blowing his flute paused mid note. I pointed to another shell. I don’t
know why I knew, I just knew. I felt it.
The man with the beard looked up into my eyes, then back at Samir. The
sheikh nodded and the pea was revealed beneath the shell I had indicated.
The men around Samir shuffled their feet and seemed relieved when he turned
to me with the tolerant smile a parent may show a clever child. He collected the

few coins he had won. He then squeezed my cheeks with more affection than
was necessary and I thought: if you are going to bring a native with a bone
through her nose back to the obdurate people at home you must expect the
unexpected.
The snake charmer started playing again. A dusty-looking cobra curled
lethargically from the basket and I thought of actors forced to say the same lines
night after night on the successful run of a play. Some of the men tossed coins
into his upturned fez and we continued. Men smoked hashish through a hubblybubbly that gurgled like indigestion. I loved the pungent smell and thought of
night clubs, dancing, Bobby below me painted like girl. He was tempted to be
himself but held back. It’s what we do. What we all do. The secret is to go
beyond your own limits and then go further. That’s what I had done swimming
from La Gomera to the island. That’s what had brought me here to Mauritania.
A woman in black was heating a foul-smelling, glutinous substance in an iron
pot, while a man using a brush made from the crushed end of a piece of cane
smeared the solution along the seeping green gash on a camel’s leg, the camel
half rising as the scalding stuff touched the sore, then dropping its head
philosophically back down again into the dust.
We continued beyond the caravanserai and circled the fort. The men were
talking, their words like lines of poetry, rhythmic as music. We made our way
through the date palms and banana plants. The oasis was cut in sections by
shallow gullies protected by ridges of sand, the trees and plants like pieces on a
chessboard. The land was irrigated from a well with a metal lid bolted shut with
iron stays and a padlock. Water was precious, the stone shower a luxury I would
remember as I journeyed on into the dark hell of secret Africa.
Maysoon laced her fingers through mine as we entered the fort and tightened
her grip as we crossed the courtyard. It was quiet now, the people gone, just the
hint of roasted meat and hot bread lingering on the air. We giggled like girls at
boarding school as we climbed the narrow flights of stone stairs. She ran on her
toes along the walkway and threw off her cape as we entered the tower. She lit
the brass lamps with a plastic cigarette lighter of the sort I had seen men in town
selling in the streets, her movements making the flames shiver, the shadows
chasing her about the walls.
What is your wish?
Ask and it shall be given.
As she skipped around the room, the chiffon veils were teased from her body
as if by the invisible hand of a conjurer until she was naked but for the beaded
belt. She moved closer, her bracelets shimmering, her long fingers swirling,
hypnotic, drawing me to her as if by the pull of gravity.

I slipped from Samir’s clothes, my limbs seduced by the rhythm, and felt as
light as a bird on the warm air, our dance a sensuously charged flamenco with
clapping hands, thrusting breasts, stamping feet, solemn expressions. My gaze
transfixed on the girl’s gorgeous belly, her pudenda a heart-shaped fruit, her
pubic bone, which at first appeared to have been shaved in a pattern, was, I
realised, scalped bare of pubic hair and polished in a sheen of perspiration.
The pattern I could see wasn’t hair, but a spider hanging by the silken thread
dissecting her body. When she raised her chin, the blue line rose from that point
just below her bottom lip and the creature appeared to be crawling over her
treacle-coloured flesh. It was the most surreal and sensuous thing I had ever
seen, more erotic than I could have conceived in my wildest dreams, a seal of
sexuality. Maysoon like me belonged to the sheikh. Like me, she had forsaken
everything to live out her erotic nature. We moved closer, the bowl of her
abdomen fitting in the concave of my hollowed stomach.
We danced until the sweat poured from us and collapsed on the thick pile of
carpets below the domed roof, our tongues fighting to get into each other’s
throats, the tang of her saliva sweeter than honey. We kissed until we were
breathless and though I adored kissing Samir, there’s nothing like the lips of
girls, the taste of girls, the taste of Maysoon. Men have that cute accessory, that
magic wand, that grub that grows into a butterfly. But girls have soft pink lips
that describe shamelessly on our faces the ripe fruit between our legs, the
outward sign of our inner desires. We are shaped the way we are shaped for a
reason. We are shaped for fucking. I didn’t know this and now I did know. It
was like learning a marvellous secret.
Maysoon licked my face, she nibbled my ears and chin, her tongue like a
brush jabbing into the well of my collar bones. She took my breasts in her palms
and squeezed hard, drawing out the flaming buds and biting down on each one,
biting until a shudder of agonised pleasure took me in its embrace. She gnawed
at my hip bones and raised her head to gaze at the silky nest of my pubic hair.
She ran her fingers through the curls, slipped them inside me, removing them
slicked in juice that she sucked from her fingertips, the perfect cherry-red bow of
her lips bloated and wet.
She twisted her body in one agile movement, scissoring my head between her
legs and dipping down into my groin, her tongue reaching into the soggy swamp
of my aching sex. We were dancers dancing once more, rocking back and forth,
her oils slipping down my throat in a stream; girl champagne, an Oriental elixir
that made my taste buds rejoice. As I drank from the cup of her delicious sex,
little spasms ran in pins and needles down my legs and up my spine. My knees
rose and I pushed down with my feet, arching my back and drawing her lingua

deeper into my cunni and, like a ballerina before a mirror, repeating the
movement, sliding my tongue further into the canal of her gorgeous cunt.
With faultless timing, I felt her body stiffen as my own body stiffened.
Through the gurgling slurps of our ecstasy we screamed in orgasm, gasping and
panting, breasts aquiver, our slippery skin like sea creatures sliding over each
other, limbs tangled, pussies like vibrating anemones with bleating lips slowly
opening and closing. When I had experimented with girls before I had been
afraid that I might be a lesbian. Now, the very notion seemed silly and clearing it
from my mind was like growing from a half person to a full person. I had
sprouted wings. I felt like an angel. In passion, anything is possible, the love of
men, the love of women, the ending of taboos, the subtle, ambiguous joy of
discipline, the ingenious transformation of pain into pleasure. In the orgy we lose
our individualism and approach the divine.
Maysoon rose from her ministrations and as I opened my eyes I was at first
surprised, but then not really surprised to find the sheikh sitting cross-legged
beside our little dais of carpets, the light from the moon a pale glow on his
sensitive features, his eyes on mine. At his side there was a carpet beater, a
short-handled implement with a paddle made of bent cane. I didn’t notice it until
the precisely curved loops of the cane crossed my flesh.
I shrieked in pain.
As he stood, Samir scooped the thing into his hand and tossed it next to where
we lay. Quick as the sunrise over the desert, the girl had the cane in her hand and
fire streaked across my bottom. I was so shocked by the speed, by the audacity, I
remained stock still as the wicked device took another taste of my astonished
flesh.
There wasn’t a third. As the cane came down once more, I rolled to one side
and sprang to my feet. I hadn’t spent five years attending judo and gymnastics
for nothing. I slipped my leg between Maysoon’s ankles, bent her over my right
hip and dropped her down on to the mat. Her eyes opened wide and so did her
long fingers, the cane slipping from her grasp. I snatched it up, held her down,
my left arm around her waist, and beat that pert little bottom again and again.
One, two, three, four, five times.
She shrieked and blubbed.
Ouch. Ouch. Ouch.
In passion and pain we speak the same language.
She wriggled free, crawling as fast as she could across the room, that
reddened bottom like a siren calling, like a beacon guiding me through the
shadows until I brought the cane down once more for luck.
‘Six,’ I screamed, like I’d scored a goal in hockey.

She squealed like a beaten puppy, reared up and charged me, throwing herself
across the room and knocking me off my feet, slapping and biting, her firm belly
and meaty breasts holding me down. We turned over and over, kicking, lunging,
licking, pulling hair. The bites turned into kisses. I heard the sound of the carpet
beater coming down again, this time in the hand of the sheikh, and she cried in
agony before rolling over, pulling me on top so that I would take the next blow
on my burning ass.
We continued wrestling, kissing, licking and screaming as the sheikh chose
his target and beat us relentlessly, bottoms, thighs, sides, breasts, the concentric
rings of the carpet beater creating a pattern of swirling arabesques that matched
the pattern on the carpets.
My body was a lake. Tears of pain and pleasure fell from my eyes, juice rolled
from my wet pussy, and I didn’t even notice Samir shedding his robes until I felt
his cock slip into my moistened backside and all the air escaped from my lungs
in one long gasp of sheer rapture. There is nothing like having your pussy
rimmed by a dancing girl, your bum beaten by a handsome sheikh and his long
perfect prick piercing your back passage. I went up on my hands and knees and
we fucked like dogs.
I was panting, roaring, holding him tight with my vaginal muscles, taking
more, wanting more. My entire body was a giant clitoris as big as the dome
above our heads. Maysoon had wriggled bum first between my stretched arms
and I slid my tongue through her inflamed cheeks into the winking black eye of
her pretty anus.
With superhuman self control, Samir withdrew his cock and parting was such
sweet pain and pleasure. I carried on rimming Maysoon’s ass while he presented
his cock to her greedy gullet. She swallowed it down and I had the feeling that I
was part of some fabulous machine, the pressure of my tongue pushing into the
girl as she opened her gullet deeper for Samir, drawing his cock further down
into her throat. I thought if we kept going in time the tip of my tongue would
touch the split head of his penis, and I thought breathlessly, girlishly,
immaturely: my God, this is a threesome, this is a first, another first, and I love
it, I want it, I want more of it, all night, tomorrow, every day, that time spent
doing anything but fucking was time wasted until you open your body to start
fucking again. I was born to be doing just this. It was shocking and amazing and
shameful and a relief to know.
The moment of stillness. He paused. He was a diver on the end of a diving
board about to leap into the blue void. An astronaut counting down: ten, nine,
eight, seven … a reluctant bride a moment before she says I do. And he did. As
he slipped his cock from Maysoon’s mouth, I slid my tongue from her ass and

watched as he pumped his beautiful seed spurt after spurt over her hennaed
features, the white stuff reminding me for some reason of the sticky goo I’d seen
bubbling in the iron pot at the caravanserai, but the smell was as pure as baby’s
breath, as innocent as sin, musky, earthy, an aphrodisiac.
I remained on hands and knees and crawled forward so that I could lick the
nectar from Maysoon’s face.
If erotic has a taste, this was the taste, the sperm of your lover on the hot
cheeks of the girl whose anal juices coat your tongue. I could see above me the
starlight through the twelve arched windows and wanted the heavens to slow
down, for this night never to end.
The sheikh folded like a fallen warrior at the Battle of Thermopylae, a naked
Spartan who has given his all to save civilization. In ancient times, as we had
learned in classics, while the Spartans ran around naked, they were pure,
aesthete, minimal, while their cousins across the Aegean in Athens had fallen for
the indulgence of the orgy. Those pagans drank their wines, they wrote their
poems, they carved nudes from white marble and fucked their brains out.
Threesomes. Foursomes. Scoresomes. There need be no limit to the number of
partners, positions, possibilities. I had discovered my atavistic self in that round
tower below the golden dome, that astonishing phallus poking into the universe.
Samir had closed his eyes. I licked his cock, gently, as gentle as a kitten
lapping milk from a saucer, slowly, innocently, lick, lick, lick. The little sheikh
bobbed with renewed life and, as Maysoon engulfed the pearly head in her pretty
mouth, I thought how wise those Athenians were, that in the orgy, who puts
what into whom is immaterial, that it is the act of sex that matters, not that
imprisoning sense of love, possession, devotion. Fucking the boy, Umah, had
come naturally because it was the most natural thing in the world.
While Maysoon continued pumping up the little sheikh, I straddled the big
sheikh’s head. I balanced on my knees and dropped my fruit into his open
mouth. Sex after sex is unhurried, tender, a vintage wine those Athenians would
have appreciated. As I raised and lowered my body, flexing my thighs, I gazed
down at the whirlpool of dark hair on Maysoon’s head. She stopped sucking off
the sheikh when he was hard again and, as she looked up, our eyes met and I
could see myself in her features. Through the power of mind over matter, we
build a tolerance to all sensation, even pain, even pleasure, and I could tell by
her look that Maysoon lived for the ultimate joy her body brings to others and
the bodies of others provide in exchange.
The lips of my sex were engorged, slicked with Samir’s saliva and the sticky
sweet threads of my own juices. I was moving faster and faster. Like an athlete
in a race, I threw myself forward as the winning tape approached and took the

sheikh’s hard cock into my greedy mouth. We were on the edge of the desert and
I was thirsty for his sperm. I was an addict. His cock was a hypodermic syringe
and I needed another fix. My clitoris had pushed its way from its protective hood
and Samir relieved its demanding throbs with the tip of his clever tongue.
A gush of silky liquids slid down the canal of my vagina like thawing ice
down a mountainside. My vaginal muscles were clenching and releasing with
contractions. As I went into spasm, Samir withdrew his tongue, swung himself
round on top of me and sank into my body like a torpedo slipping through the
sea, pushing, pushing himself up to the neck of my womb, filling my impatient
cunt to the brim. Time was suspended, the heavens had finally stilled, and when
the torpedo ignited I exploded in a vast, shuddering climax which left me glazed
and exhausted. I quivered and trembled. I wondered how many times I could
fuck and be fucked, and in how many ways and positions and combinations.
Was there a limit? A line that you crossed when it became ennui and repetition?
Satisfaction, they say, is the death of desire. I don’t agree. I was deeply,
profoundly satisfied. I was glad to lay there and recover my energy. But I knew
already that I would soon be wanting more. He rolled from me and the girl
kissed my eyes. Her lips were soft as petals and seemed to fit exactly into the
sockets of my closed eyes. Across my body were pulsating little swirls of
tenderness left by the carpet beater and the tower room had filled with the heady,
pungent odours of orgasm. It was my first night in the red fort and I felt at peace.
I remembered the sheikh pronouncing the single word Sahara as his home came
into view from the deck of the ship. Now I, too, felt as if I had arrived home.

Nine
The Harem
DADDY LIED FOR ENGLAND. That’s what he said when people asked what he did.
He was a diplomat, a spy Mummy liked to say, and I was never sure if she was
joking or not. I grew up in Madrid, Geneva, Washington. Then in Kent at
boarding school, an old red brick convent with a slate roof and a view from the
cliffs of the sea one way and the town the other. I was never completely happy
living in big cities and it was a family tease that one day I would end up in
Timbuktu.
If character is destiny, I was fated to be carried off into the desert. From the
deck of the ship I had imagined my own ghost and seen my unvanishing
footsteps. When you don’t belong anywhere it doesn’t matter where you are or
where you go, if you stay or move on. You become a leaf floating with the will
of the wind. You are, at the same time, both of the world and an invisible pair of
eyes looking down upon the world. You arrive at a place where the view
forwards and backwards is the same, where the sun rises in the east one day and
the west the next, where you stop planning and regretting to live like the birds
and beasts on intuition and instinct.
Life in the red fort provided many slow hours for me to look back on the past,
my schooldays, the journey from the Canary Islands along the coast of Africa.
Samir had never been so playful, so loving, so natural as he was that first day. In
the weeks that followed, I don’t recall that he was ever quite the same. I saw
lines furrow his brow, a cross look about his features, flashes of temper that
reminded me that when he flogged the man in black who had flogged me on the
island he only stopped when I begged him to do so. At sea, plying his trade, he
was in command of the time and tides. Within the walls of the fortress he faced
the daily demands of his extended tribe and I had become one of that number,
another card in the deck he was continually shuffling and rearranging.
Maysoon remained with me in the tower. I learned more words of Arabic and
she giggled like a child when I tried to teach her English. Through long
sweltering days with the air like dragon’s breath piercing the twelve arched

windows we would roll around naked touching and licking each other like two
abandoned kittens. Her kisses sewed a line down my body. She slithered into my
cleft, my lips opened for her lips, and I would sigh that sigh of people who have
left on a journey and arrived where they want to be. Like a compass needle
turning to the north, I swivelled over her silky skin to complete the circle, my
tongue lapping at her like a lion at a salt lick, her sticky sap an elixir that kept
me in a permanent state of euphoria.
I could imagine nothing more beautiful than two girls joined in this way. I
adored sex with Maysoon, it was as near perfect as perfect can be, but like the
Persian carpet woven with its eternal fault because only Allah is perfect, we
were incomplete without the sheikh. He made us feel absolute, electric,
empowered. We needed his authority, his discipline, we needed his firm hand
and long straight penis to feel totally alive.
We snoozed Maysoon and I, we slept and awoke drowsy. We kissed and
caressed each other’s crevices and curves. I treasured the shiny dome of her
shaved mount with its delicately etched spider and she admired the golden fleece
of my lush curly pubes. I wanted to be the dancing girl and she wanted to be me,
and we lost ourselves in each other during those endless afternoons when the
heavens above the tower roof were like the open mouth of a furnace and I
thought the day would last for ever. It was August, the hottest month. The sun
rose over the desert like a shooting star, burnt the paint from doors and the glaze
from china pots before vanishing exhausted in a black cloak of impenetrable
darkness.
When Samir took me into town, Maysoon would be left behind. I wasn’t sure
why, and I had no idea what she did when neither the sheikh nor I were there to
acknowledge that wanton sensuality that must have emerged the moment the girl
stepped from childhood.
Maysoon remained a child in many ways and in many ways she was a wise
and worldly woman. She taught me to dance, how to roll my belly and my
bottom; she showed me that just by going up alternatively on your toes on one
foot and then the other, your hips shimmy, your shoulders turn and your whole
body gyrates without effort. We danced naked until we fell laughing on the
feather mattress and Maysoon taught me other things, things I would never have
imagined or dreamed of, and I wondered how she knew those things; whether
someone had taught her or she knew because she was born knowing as great
poets and pianists are born with the gift waiting to be uncovered and explored.
Under the vibrating tips of Maysoon’s skilful fingers she tickled and teased
my throbbing clitoris until from the spread arch of my legs I released a jet of

spray that gushed out like an exploding fountain a metre or more into the air. She
bathed in the fine haze. She spread the fragrant liquid over her breasts, she licked
my sopping crack and the feeling of release would grab me once more.
Closing my eyes, I emptied my mind of all thought. Maysoon tapped and
rubbed the mystery button until my stomach clenched. My body shook and
trembled. I gasped for breath and screamed in ecstasy as the second squirt
emerged like mist from an atomiser; the scent of sex, pure, unadulterated, divine.
We changed positions. She spread out like a starfish on the feather bed. I
caressed her erect and eager clit and watched in awe, my mouth open, as this
beautiful creature ejaculated like a boy, her sap thick and luscious, her perfume
feral and mesmerising. If Darwin was right and we evolved through the
millennia, or if there is a Creator with a grand plan, either way we must possess
these powers and potentials for a reason and the only reason is that they are there
like the five senses to be used.
Unlike the other women, Maysoon did not cook or toil, nor carry water to the
stone shower where we washed away the sweat and smelly damp juices that
coated our flesh. As we stood shaking off the drips, the yellow parakeets that
built nests below the ramparts squawked and danced from foot to foot as they
observed our display, dancing girls and dancing birds, a recurring pattern that
appeared to show a heavenly hand. We dried in an instant, and returned to the
tower to make ourselves sticky again. It is a wondrous thing that five minutes
from orgasm and I was aroused, ready to squeeze out another.
I adored being a girl. Boys shoot their load and fall asleep. They awaken
flaccid and you get jaw ache making them hard again. Girls can go on without
end. We are comfortable lying on our backs, down on our knees, suspended from
ropes, naked when others are dressed. We have round meaty bottoms designed
for spanking, thrashing, whipping, kissing, licking. We want to feel men pushing
up against us. If men think about sex three hundred times a day, girls think about
sex three thousand times a day. I remember reading about a girl who had
coupled with more than two hundred men in one day for a documentary and
others were trying to beat her record. Men think they are the hunters, we the
prey, and it is woman’s best kept secret that in the land of sexuality men are
blind while we can see across the galaxy.
Now that Maysoon had shown me how to squirt out lush bursts of girlie
essence, I wanted to do it again and again; shoot my dew higher and higher until
we coated the inside of the dome that topped the tower. Maysoon was a creature
intended for one thing only and it came as a revelation for me to discover that I
was the same.
I had discovered that in the frenzy of climax, at that moment of rapture, your

soul leaves your body and you become one with the universe. It is the satori
awakening that Zen monks try to reach; a glimpse of enlightenment, the sound of
one hand clapping. In India, devotees through the centuries have been attempting
to formulate the sexual act in the study of tantra, in the creation of the Kama
Sutra. But I had a feeling that the uncontrollable joy of perfect sex arose not
through study and mysticism, but from the breaking of taboos, the crossing of
boundaries and frontiers, through transgression, multiple partners,
submissiveness and discipline; through a life dedicated to living in the present
where the pursuit of orgasm takes precedence over all, over love and loyalty,
even over life itself. Could any death be better than one that takes you as you
body erupts in spasm and your voice joins the song of the universe?
It became for me more a change than a pleasure to dress in my one suit of
clothes and join the men when they drove into town. Now that I knew those
myriad colours and costumes, now that I had savoured the exotic smells and seen
the women carrying fish in wide baskets, the street stalls laden with
Kalashnikovs, the dancing monkey, it was merely repetition and I yearned to get
back to the tower, strip off my disguise and dress in the costume of nudity. As
the beachcomber had shown me the moment I met him, a naked girl is inviting
sex, and that’s all I wanted, the opportunity to draw the sheikh into my body and
search for the holy grail of the ultimate orgasm.
From out of the dust the town came into view, domes and battlements rising over
the flat roofs, the white towers of minarets, swaying palms vibrant with raucous
green birds. People washed themselves around hand pumps in the street; men
built boats with hand tools; the money changers stood outside the bank with
money to buy and sell and I wondered what went on inside the bank, whether the
only function the building served was to supply shade for the money changers
standing below the awning outside.
My feet burned black as I trudged through the dust and dung a few paces
behind Samir. Mo and Azar were at my side, smoking, armed to the teeth. Umah
followed carrying a leather satchel with separate compartments joined by a wide
strap. Samir purchased sacks of rice, rolls of cloth, the herbs and spices that
didn’t grow on the oasis edging the fort and which gave the food we ate at night
flavours and tastes that touched my senses like an opiate, an aphrodisiac that set
fire to my imagination. The vegetables were pulled from the thin soil the same
day, the chickens roamed at will through the courtyard not knowing the knife
was always close behind, the fish came straight out of the sea and the occasional
sheep was slaughtered just hours before the fires were lit. We only ate once a
day, at sunset, and I always filled my plate. I had grown adept at eating with the

fingers of my right hand and had learned in this land without lavatory paper that
washing my bottom with my left leaves you feeling cleaner.
Azar shouldered the heavy sacks. Umah tucked the spices into the satchel and
I gazed at Samir as he bargained with the traders, the brightly-coloured notes
exchanging hands with the speed of the myna birds spiralling through the date
palms. Azar, Mo and Umah seldom spoke but would on occasions burst into
smiles for reasons I never understood. It was written in their faces that they were
satisfied with their lives and content to be in each other’s company. They
seemed to understand the universe and their place in it. They were not striving to
be something else or someone else; to be all they can be. They already were and,
knowing it, I came to see, is the recipe for happiness.
Umah had grown more confident now more time had elapsed since we had
left the boat. He had started to gaze upon me with mooning eyes, but my
indiscretion had been as innocent as it was impetuous, and to replicate the act
would be premeditated. We grow through change, we die in repetition. The echo
is already dead. Lizards climbed the tower walls and as I watched them navigate
the phallic white curves of the dome I recalled some words from William Blake
– the man who never changes his opinion is like standing water and grows
reptiles of the mind. I was a lizard, a chameleon, a girl of many colours. I could
do and be anything and didn’t know that time like sand in the hour glass was
gathering speed, that the only permanence is change, and the idyll will always
come to an end.
We met Africans in Hanif’s warehouse, men with young sons, pregnant
women, families who came from somewhere and wanted to be somewhere else.
They wept and argued and paid over vast sums of money that Samir folded into
a stained leather pouch and slid inside his white djellaba. At any price the people
wanted to reach Europe and no sum would have persuaded me to do anything
but stay.
I met an Indian man who had crossed the continent from Kenya and was now
making the journey to join his brother in Spain. He was an engineer, he said,
with five children and a wife to care for at home in Mombassa.
‘There is no work now,’ he said, ‘how can I feed my family?’
I shook my head and looked suitably forlorn. It was so long since I had last
heard English spoken the language seemed strange to me.
‘I don’t know,’ I said in a whisper.
It felt as if my words might shatter the fantasy and I would suddenly wake in
my bed in Fulham with, with … that boy in girl’s clothing, that mirage in my
shoes and make-up. Like the future, the past had become abstract, an unreal
place I no longer believed in. There was just this moment.

The engineer looked into my green eyes, at the blonde ringlets escaping from
my turban.
‘You are leaving here with us?’ he asked.
‘No,’ I said. ‘This is where I belong.’
I didn’t know it then, but this was to be the last time I went into town. We
drank mint tea with Hanif and after, while Azar went to get the truck, I followed
Samir to the goldsmith’s shop, a small, stone-walled building lit by the brilliant
light emanating from the kiln. The goldsmith had the long white beard of a
prophet and looked as if he might have been casting gold in those ancient
moulds for a thousand years, although the metal shutter that rolled down over the
door and the thick bars on the narrow window belonged to modern times. There
was just enough space inside the shop for the low table that contained a set of
brass scales with weights in pounds and ounces. It was on this ancient device
that the goldsmith weighed the grit and dust and fragmented nuggets brought out
of the desert by speculators dreaming of the riches of paradise.
The goldsmith took the wad of money Samir gave him, licked his scarred
fingers and counted the bills, wahid, ithnan, thalatha, arba’a, khamsa – one,
two, three, four, five, his voice a chant that made me feel giddy in the fierce heat
thrown out by the kiln. On and on, a teacher instructing the art of pronunciation.
When he reached the required sum, he pushed the rest of the bundle back across
the counter to Samir. The sheikh didn’t check. He had the careless manner of
people who have always had money and had no need to treat those grubby bills
with special respect.
Under the counter there was an iron safe. The goldsmith produced a key from
within the folds of his cloak and, when he swung back the door, a brilliant
yellow glow filled the room. He produced two one pound ingots that he gave to
Samir and Samir held them out for me to take a closer look.
‘Gold,’ he said. ‘Is beautiful.’
‘It is beautiful. And you are beautiful,’ I replied.
He pointed at himself. ‘Me, me beautiful.’ Then he pointed at me. ‘Chengi, he
beautiful.’
‘She.’
‘He beautiful,’ he said again. He pushed the gold ingots at me. ‘You, you take.
You want?’
I pulled away. ‘No, no,’ I said, and I meant it.
He knew that. We had little language and few secrets. I smiled. I was his
mother and his child. He was my father and my little boy. When we were alone,
joined as one, I was Samir and Samir was me, my flesh his flesh. It was, I
thought, how love should be. That love is sex in all its colours and uncountable

variations.
Azar appeared in the shop and placed the ingots in a bag. The sheikh and the
goldsmith touched foreheads and chests, and I was relieved to journey back to
the fort where I felt safe and at home. We bathed in the stone bath, Maysoon
joined us and the world was back in balance; a boy and two girls in a round
tower with twelve windows. And I wondered that day as we made love with
Samir if he knew the things Maysoon had taught me. Or was that our secret, the
secret life of girls?
The following day, the sheikh and the other men left without a word, and I
forgot my place, my role, that I was merely a woman who waited as women
always wait. The days went by, two, three four, five. I felt bereft, Maysoon’s
tongue small compensation for the long hours of loneliness that stole upon me. I
felt abandoned, an outsider, my doubts changing to fear when at dawn one
morning I awoke to find the women of the house making their way into the
tower with numerous pots and bowls. Maysoon led the way, chatting and giggly,
the women smiling, the bells about their ankles ringing out like funeral bells
before they bury the dead. They stopped and there was silence.
Amatullah, Mo’s wife, carried an iron pot, her hands protected by cloths. She
placed it down carefully on the mattress where I had been sleeping. She raised
the lid and inside was a bubbling substance like the restorative goo I had seen
applied to the wounded camel in the caravanserai. She removed the scarf from
her head, rolled up her sleeves and stared down at me, her eyes dancing, the
wrinkles growing deeper on her brow. I looked at Maysoon. The girl gave a little
wave. My mouth was dry.
One of the other women held my shoulders and Maysoon took my hand. I
could have fought them off but I had come to believe in fate, that we are guided
by the wind and stars, que será será. Amatullah stirred the scalding liquid with a
wooden spoon before taking a dollop of the mixture and spreading it over the
bouncy blonde curls of my pubic hair.
A scream left my throat. I thought I was going to die. I gasped in pain. All the
breath left my body. Amatullah shook her head and tutted. She looked angry
now as she scooped out a second spoonful. She pressed her free hand into the
hollow of my stomach and, as she forced the white stuff into the entrance of my
vagina, it hit me that I was going to be circumcised, that once my senses were
numbed by this vile concoction, Amatullah would take a knife to my vagina. The
young men were away and the old men who hated me were now in charge. I was
a stranger, a foreigner, an interloper. I was being punished. I was going to be
robbed of my clitoris, my femininity, my secret joy of squirting girl juice into the

atmosphere.
I looked up at Maysoon.
‘Is OK,’ she said, about all she could say in English, and she traced her finger
down over the blue line that ran from below her bottom lip and down into her
lush cleavage.
Tears were falling from my eyes, but my fear disappeared as quickly as it had
emerged. I felt ashamed. I wasn’t going to be robbed of my sexuality. I was
being invited into the clan. I was one of them and I realised that that was what I
wanted to be. That if Samir was going to leave me waiting while he went about
his business, I needed to be united to the tribe, a member of his harem. I had
been sad and now I felt joyful.
Amatullah continued, spreading the mixture as you would smooth dough into
a cake tray, coating the area from just below my waist, across my pubic mount
and into the crack of my bottom. While the poultice set, she ran her fingertips
over my limbs and her look seemed to say that she was impressed not to find any
other superfluous hair.
The woman holding my shoulder, Yasmeen, a timid soul with a squint in her
eyes, released her grip and turned to pick up the brass bowl on the floor behind
her. Her fingers, I noticed, were stained the same shade of blue as the liquid the
bowl contained. I didn’t work in the house. Like Maysoon, my one task was to
please the master, but I recalled Yasmeen grinding petals and roots in a mortise
and pestle. I remembered the words she used: indigo and saffron. She had made
a dye from the plants that grew along the banks of the muddy stream beside the
fort.
Amatullah carefully soaped and sponged the lower half of my face, over my
chin and down between my breasts. With all this fuss being made over me, my
nipples popped out, eager for attention, and Amatullah paused in her
ministrations to give them a good hard tweak. I yelped. The women laughed and
I laughed with them. They were unaffected. They had a naturalness I envied and
tried to emulate. They had their role, their tasks. They cooked. They cleaned.
Yasmeen collected herbs and spices. Maysoon and I provided the release from
tension a house full of women always stirs.
This is the life inside a harem and the mere sound of the word was poetry that
resonated musically in my mind. I was a slave girl, a concubine. I had no
responsibilities except to please my master. Like Maysoon, I was an object of
desire, and the awareness that I was valued in this house without mirrors had
freed me of the vanity being desirable inspires.
Not every woman is a courtesan, but it is the logical corollary of being a
woman, of painting your face, of dressing to reveal your breasts, your spine,

your legs, your shape. Unless you are determined to remain a virgin, it is only a
question of the circumstances or the price under which you agree to strip off
your clothes and spread your legs. The female in the animal kingdom lets off an
odour to attract the male just as we apply scent as an erotic signal. The consorts
of the rich men I have met, the wives of peers and ambassadors, the rock chicks
and footballer’s girlfriends, ornament their ears, throats and fingers with
precious stones, they hobble their feet in Manolo Blahnik and Jimmy Choo.
Their underwear is skimpy, silky, soft, designed not for wearing but taking off.
Was the decoration of a blue tattoo really any different?
The poultice had hardened. Amatullah picked at the top edge and, when she
pulled it back, I yelped again, louder than ever. I’d suffered unnecessary hair
waxings before, but they were nothing compared with this. My golden fleece
was no more, every curl that decorated my mount had gone in one foul swoop. It
felt as if I were on fire. And if that wasn’t enough, while Yasmeen and another
girl held my legs as if I were about to have a baby, Amatullah jabbed around my
vagina with a pair of tweezers snapping out any stray hairs left behind.
‘Ouch, ouch, ouch,’ I said, and Maysoon copied me.
‘Ouch, ouch, ouch.’
The women laughed and I laughed with them. I was sweaty and hot. The sun
was already stoking up the engines for another sweltering ride across the sky and
the last of the morning shadows had fled from the room. Amatullah took a
handful of chalk dust from another bowl and coated my pubic mount. The pain
subsided and she washed me again.
‘Chengi Akht, no move,’ Maysoon said.
‘As-salaam, Akht, ‘ I answered, yes, sister, I’ll do my best.
I was relieved when it was Amatullah with her steady hand, not Yasmeen with
her squint, who reached for the needle, a sadistic little tool with a short stem
fixed to a cylindrical cork handle. The women grew quiet as she made a
continual series of jabs in a triangular pattern just below the centre of my bottom
lip. She carried on in a line down to my chin and then did the same again,
dipping the point of the needle into the blue dye. I noticed blood on the white
muslin Yasmeen used to wipe away the excess liquid. But I wasn’t afraid. All
the women in that room were ornamented with the tribe’s arachnid and with it I
would finally be accepted.
I had to hold my head back and remain very still while Amatullah worked her
way over my throat, between my collar bones and down over the narrow groove
between my perky breasts that had grown fuller in those weeks I had been living
in the fort. Lying flat on the mattress, my stomach curved inwards in a hollow
bowl, but when I stood and took a deep breath, I had a small belly I was trying to

make bigger.
The women paused and we drank tea. It was slow, hot, arduous work and
Amatullah had to gather her reserves to make sure she didn’t make a mistake. I
was, I liked to think, the sheikh’s favourite concubine. My markings should be
perfect and if my pubic mount was about to be engraved with a spider I wanted it
to be the prettiest most spirited spider in the house.
My bottom lip felt numb and the area under my chin was stinging, but it was a
nice pain, like diving into cold water, or running really, really fast at the end of a
race. For some reason, I remembered winning the 5000 metres for my school at
the county championships. I had been third all the way through the event. There
was half a lap to go. My legs felt like lead. But the girls were calling my name. I
listened to their chant, it was a buzz, an ego rush, and I found a store of energy I
didn’t know I had.
‘Faster,’ I said to myself, ‘Faster. You can do it.’
My legs seemed to grow longer and I stretched out, passing the two girls I’d
been chasing to break the finishing tape with five metres to spare. It was, as far
as I could recall, the first time I had ever pushed through the mental threshold
and gone beyond myself. This aptitude to break barriers and cross frontiers was
coded in my DNA. It was no accident that I was lying there naked and sweaty
surrounded by those Arab women, Amatullah continuing her art, perforating my
skin with sharp jabs like the mechanical needle on a sewing machine and,
unexpectedly, I recalled the second verse from Thomas Hood’s fourth year
poem:
Work! work! work!
While the cock is crowing aloof!
And work work work,
Till the stars shine through the roof!
It’s Oh! to be a slave
Along with the barbarous Turk,
Where woman has never a soul to save,
If this is Christian work!
Strange words. I ran them through my mind like a prayer and it occurred to
me that with the tribal markings I would never be naked again. I would always
feel covered, in costume. The world would know who I was and to whom I
belonged. I wanted to belong and realised that in my wanderings as a diplomat’s
daughter from school to school and from country to country, I had never really
belonged anywhere.
With these thoughts, and with utter shame, I felt a drip slip from the lips of my

freshly denuded vagina. I felt excited. No, I felt warm and content, and when I
am warm and content, silky liquids seep from the salacious little creature that
lives between my legs. I felt feverish, light-headed. I felt the same way that I had
felt that day when I won the 5000 metres. It was at the time my greatest
achievement, and I had a feeling that my being branded with the blue tattoo was
greater still, that I had arrived, that I was all that I could be.
If Amatullah was aware that I was leaking, she ignored this shameless display.
Her needle punctured and dotted its way down the groove below my breasts.
Yasmeen wiped away the trickles of blood, and Amatullah did the same again,
injecting the blue dye into the minute wounds, working her way over my belly
button and down towards the pink scalded plain of my pubic bone. She paused
and took a sip of tea. Yasmeen wiped the area, cleaning away the traces of chalk,
and used a fresh cloth to dry the surface. She looked into my eyes and there was
a brief conspiratorial moment as she ran the cloth through the lip of my vagina to
dry the damp discharge.
Amatullah’s sleeves had slipped down her arms and there was a collective
sigh of relief among the women as she rolled them back up again. She took a
breath and leaned forward. I could no longer see what she was doing and closed
my eyes as the point of the needle danced over my tender flesh. She worked
quickly. My mount was her canvas and she was Salvador Dalí.
Yasmeen continually wiped the area. Amatullah coated the needle in dye and,
with my eyes pressed shut, I could see in my mind the spider surfacing through
my skin like a photograph developing in a tray of chemicals. The creature was
already there, it had always been there. Amatullah wasn’t engraving the spider,
she was tracing it. I was born with the stigmata.
I kept my eyes closed. I felt like a baby swimming in the amniotic fluids
inside the womb. I thought about Mummy at home in the garden. The roses
would be in full bloom, the petals turning brown around the edges, ready to fall.
I wanted to call Mummy. I wanted to tell her I was safe. I was fulfilled. I was
happy. I was me.

Ten
The Emir
ALL NIGHT MY BODY trembled with fever. I was in a sweat, my mind blank, my
flesh sizzling as the indigo dye burned indelibly in a line from my chin to my
sore naked pussy.
All next day, I was shaking with chills. As I watched the shadows inching
around the walls, the contentment I’d felt as Amatullah put the final touches to
the spider slipped into despair and melancholy. I had an intuition, a sixth sense,
that something terrible was going to happen, that my being branded wasn’t the
beginning of something but the end. The shadows conjured up an army of dark
figures coming to carry me into exile. I was Juliet pining for my Romeo and saw
our love ending in poison and death.
Maysoon sat beside the bed. She brought me food, dates, cashews, soups
made from spices, sweet balls of rice with sesame. I had an emptiness inside. I
tried to eat, but had no appetite, no energy. The girl held my hand and stroked
my hair. The pain of those million pinpricks was constant but bearable and I was
overcome by a growing sense of misery and loss.
My desire to have Samir inside me was an ague; a craving. I had a cramp in
my womb, a sensation that was both unsettling and exhilarating. The fever
returned when I slept. I tossed and turned and in my nightmares I was lost in the
desert, a barren plateau in every direction; I was on a train racing over a bridge
without tracks; I saw myself falling and felt saddened when I realised with
horror that I was pregnant, my belly swollen like ripe fruit, a bottomless pit
awaiting below my churning arms.
I awoke perspiring with a hollow tummy and a yearning to have the sheikh’s
children. I wanted lots of them, handsome boys with shiny eyes and girls who
would wear the blue tattoo. In my dream, I saw us walking together as a family,
not in the coastal town beyond the fort, but in London, along Sloane Street and
Knightsbridge.
It took many days for the marks to heal. My chin was bruised and there were
scabs in a line down my chest. I couldn’t see the spider clutching my pubic area.

The wound was covered in a mottled carapace like the shell of a tortoise. It stung
when I peed. I gritted my teeth and tears sprang to my eyes. Maysoon wiped
away the drips with her fingertips and I felt nostalgic for those sweltering
afternoons squirting in playful fountains into the air. Time is relentless, always
racing. The past withers the moment the page turns.
The light in the arched windows above my bed grew less harsh and the oven
heat of the tower lessened as August must have drifted into autumn and I
imagined the trees in the garden at home turning into a quilt of russet and gold.
When I asked Maysoon where Samir had gone, she shrugged as if such things
were not her concern. She threw up her fine shoulders and smiled, her lips
turning into a bow, her white teeth framing the little pink tongue that had
impelled me to edge of delirium. While I had not lost the custom of thinking
about the future, Maysoon was fixed in the moment, to the urges of her body and
passing desires.
I couldn’t help wondering what Maysoon would do when she were old, when
her flesh lost its sweet smell and suppleness. But the girl seemed to have been
born knowing that the future we imagine is abstract, unreal, the false God that
makes us sacrifice present joys for illusory far greater joys at some unspecified
time. It is this attitude that makes us build careers, invest, save for pensions,
rejecting the day for the gnomes of tomorrow.
Maysoon hooked her fingers about my lips to force out a smile. She ran her
hand through the air, showing me a boat at sea, her mime confirming my guess
that the sheikh was taking the Indian man and the other immigrants I had met to
the Canary Islands to begin a new life. We are all nomads, each one of us
eternally making our way home. The girl danced. She kissed my lips, her long
black hair tickling my breasts. She ate the food I didn’t eat and left with the
empty bowls to join the activity and gossip among the women.
One of Scheherazade’s stories is about a small animal that lived at the top of a
tower in a state of lethargy and awoke when someone climbed the stairs. Like
the chameleons that basked in the sun on the fortress walls, the creature had the
ability to light up and changed colour as the steps drew closer. The story defined
me those long days without Samir. Each time I heard the sound of the door
opening and closing, the swish of robes along the walkway with its earthenware
tiles patterned with brick-red spiders, the spider between my legs pulsed with
life as if my lover had finally come.
My mind healed as the scabs fell away, but that feeling that my future was
uncertain remained, a pain only the sheikh could heal. I hungered for him and
feared he would never come and came to see that fear and arousal are patterns on
the same piece of cloth.

The door was no longer locked. I could escape. But why would I? Where
would I go? I was no longer a nomad. I was home, a child in a diaphanous dress
that billowed about me as I explored the fort’s many corridors and hidden
rooms; they were endless, a maze, and sometimes I became lost and had to wind
my way back through the labyrinth like Ariadne after slaying the Minotaur.
Some of the rooms must have been empty for many years, and there were rooms
below ground with the cold chill of things best forgotten.
The two old men who had been infuriated when I first arrived with the sheikh
followed my every move with glaucoma-dulled eyes, watching me as if I were a
cuckoo hatching from a parakeet’s nest. I watched them chewing on wads of
betel, spitting, kicking up eddies of dust as they shuffled away. I would scurry
off on bare feet to join the women on hot afternoons when they sat in the shade
under the colonnade in the courtyard making jewellery.
They threaded silver chains with turquoise and coral, amber and desert jade,
their creations all the more remarkable because they were put away and never
worn. The women clucked their tongues as they talked. I understood what they
were saying but not always what they meant. I had learned Arabic like a child by
listening. The women laughed and corrected my pronunciation, their words like
lines of poetry with a distinctive metre, a rhythm, a subtlety. Their words were a
libretto. A continuum. Like time. It was passing. Another sunset. Another
sunrise. Another day without Samir.
It was early morning, cool still. I was in the kitchen, filling my belly, and
watched as Amatullah and Yasmeen filled three baskets with necklaces and
bracelets.
There was an air of excitement all through the fort. Traders with pack animals
and colourful costumes had appeared from the south. Yasmeen told me they
came every year and the caravanserai became raucous with the snorts and
whinnies of camels and horses, the snake charmer playing a flute, the sound of a
hammer beating a metal pot, the press of people enjoying the cool now the hot
months were passing.
Did I look sad and lost? I’m sure I did.
‘Chengi, you come,’ Amatullah said.
I pointed to myself.
‘Me?’ I asked.
She looked around the room as if searching for someone who wasn’t there,
then smiled. ‘Yes, girl, you,’ she said and my heart swelled in my chest.
‘Ma’assalama.’
Thank you, I said.

Amatullah threw up her hands to show there was no need for thanks. I was
one of them, a woman among women. To hide my hair, they dressed me in a
blue quilted burkha and I carried the third basket out into the crowds.
Amatullah and Yasmeen were calm, unruffled women who moved through the
fortress like shadows. But when they bartered with the merchants, they
metamorphosed into harpies, raising their fists, cackling and hollering, parting
with the trinkets as if those necklaces and bracelets were glued to the baskets in
which they lay wrapped in muslin cloths. In contrast, their quick fingers grasped
for the goods they were taking in exchange: saffron, worth its weight in gold,
Yasmeen said; rugs from Persia, shimmering bolts of fabric from Pakistan, bush
meat packed in salt from Kenya, live birds from faraway jungles, foods for a
feast I assumed was to celebrate the return of Samir.
I had made a vow long ago never to wear knickers again and, except for the St
Christopher on a thong around my neck, I wore nothing beneath the burkha. My
head was covered and my kohl-framed eyes were hidden behind a mesh. The
area below my bottom lip was itchy and it seemed as if the thread was stretching
as the blue spider awoke from its slumbers and slid down into the furrowed lips
of my vagina. My throat was dry. My breath came in short gasps. The earthy
smells of men and animals made me wet and feverish.
A plump, bare-headed Arab in a dusty white kaftan was beating the flanks of a
donkey with a whip, the sound of those lashes like a piece of music once loved
and heard again unexpectedly. He leaned back, flexing his arm and, as the
leather snapped, I felt a tingle down my spine. My palms were damp. My back
was running with sweat and I felt breathless as I recalled the tongue of the whip
crossing my bare flesh on the boat, the sheikh extinguishing the fire with his
tongue, the stripes I wore with pride and which healed all too quickly. There is
something unutterably arousing being hidden in veils, something masochistic,
yet perverted, and my desire for the sheikh became so intense I felt a trickle of
drool slip down my thigh.
I didn’t realise I had come to a complete halt. I had closed my eyes and saw
myself in the cabin at sea, my fingers clenched around the porthole, my backside
baring the marks of the cane administered by the mechanic. I remembered the
feeling of relief as I bent forward, curling my toes, gritting my teeth, the
snakebite of the sheikh’s short-handled whip searing my spread cheeks, that
alchemical miracle of pain turning to pleasure as the lines of fire sizzled across
my astonished bottom. Six times the lash came down and with the seventh my
fate was sealed, I was purified, consecrated as the sheikh’s concubine.
My knees trembled. Moisture was gathering between my legs and around the
tops of my thighs.

The plump man must have known I was a girl who enjoyed the taste of the
whip. He had stopped flogging the donkey. When I opened my eyes, he was
standing close to me staring through the mesh screen into my yearning soul, my
unquenchable thirsts. He ran the tips of his podgy fingers over the lash he was
holding and grinned a mouthful of red-stained teeth. That man wanted to beat me
and it was terrifying to realise that I wanted to be beaten. It was discipline that I
needed, and it was this deficiency since the sheikh had left that had found me
mournful and melancholic. I was a slave to my own primal hungers. I could take
the whip but would never be tamed. This was my weakness and my strength.
You are what you think. Be yourself and try to be happy. But first, be yourself.
Odd phrases as if from some other world fluttered like pennants in my
confused mind. The spider was moving. My pussy was sodden. My mouth had
fallen open.
‘Assalamu alaikum.’
God be with you, the man said, our momentary connection making me feel as
if I were standing there stark naked.
My throat tightened with anguish and I would have remained rooted to the
spot had Yasmeen not grabbed my hand and pulled me away.
‘Tut, tut, tut, Chengi,’ she said, and I realised Yasmeen was wiser than I had
thought, that she had been privy to my hysterical musings, that my tendency to
underestimate people was, as Mummy said, my Achilles’ heel.
We hurried back into the fort, our baskets filled. Being out in the world, even
for that short time, was invigorating. I was a vampire with a transfusion of fresh
blood. Those days of doubt had slipped back beneath the surface of things. I
climbed the stairs with a silver tureen I found in the kitchen. I sat outside the
stone shower, leaned against the battlements, the sun dipping in the east over the
sea, and studied in the fading light the spider’s reflection in the shiny sides of the
bowl.
By raising my chin and pulling on the thread, by flexing and contracting my
vagina muscles, I could urge the spider to go up on all eight legs. I could make it
move one way, then the other, and I could imagine nothing more erotic than
Samir’s resolute cock parting the eight dancing legs and feeding the ravenous
creature the spider was guarding.
The tattoo branded me as a member of the clan and protected the clan’s
possessions. I was a part of something. I belonged. I shook myself like a puppy
running out of the sea and, with an intake of breath, a sigh of relief, a moan that
glided up from my chest, I slid forward, my legs spread. My pussy was a lake.
My clit throbbed, smarted, vibrated like a bell that rang out the message that I
had been neglecting this little fount of all pleasure.

It had been weeks since I had last had an orgasm. The sight and sound of the
lash in the caravanserai had reminded me of who I was, what I needed. I stroked
the spider. I found the pumping heart of its hidden eye and coated the bowl I was
holding with a squirt of creamy warm broth that gushed out of me like nectar
from an exotic fruit, waves of luscious discharge thick as milk from a cow.
If only men knew!
That night after we ate, our bellies engorged, Maysoon and I danced. The
women had made me a costume like that which I had seen the girl wearing the
night I came to the fort, the same close-fitting cap fringed with pearls that
covered her face in a constantly moving veil, the same arrangement of beads
looped in strings across her torso in such a way that, as she danced, so her
breasts were alternatively covered and uncovered; the green gemstone sparkling
in her navel above the diaphanous curtain of her low slung skirt that revealed
and concealed her sex as her belly gyrated, the lush dome of golden flesh like a
rising sun that mesmerised the men gathered about the fire.
Never before had I seen anything so sensual, so erotic, so arousing. Now I too
could dance the dance. I had those weeks learned from Maysoon how to grind
my hips and rotate my distended belly, nurtured during those days of indolence.
My limbs were long, my body unblemished except for the mark, as white as
candlewax now that I had spent so much time in the shade.
Maysoon hummed a tune and we moved in perfect rhythm, ivory and golden,
like two queens from an extravagant chess set. We danced until we were
breathless, we shed our costumes and the taste of her warm brine in my mouth
that night was an elixir, a magic potion, the antidote to the poison Juliet had so
foolishly gulped down her throat.
I could have sucked the girl dry. I could with concentration, with Zen will,
have transformed into the spider and built my web in the grotto of her sweet
humid sex. My clitoris, awakened earlier in the day, stood rigid in the bonnet of
my coral inner lips, the channel of my vagina flooding with hot girlsperm as
Maysoon’s tongue squirmed like a flame rising from a bonfire. The girl was
tireless, a clockwork ballerina in a newly wound music box. I could have bathed
in her gaping mouth until the light of dawn lit the arched windows. I could have
drifted to infinity and it took all my resolve to stop myself.
I was saving myself. The girl was the hors d’oeuvre, the tapas, not the feast.
The women had been running around in a tizz all day cleaning pots, beheading
chickens, washing salt from bush meat, stirring date juice into the flour they fed
in flattened patties into the conical oven, removing the piping discs of pita as
they puffed up like engorged vagina lips, licking their burnt fingertips, their
faces glowing and damp.

The night turned black. I slept without dreaming and awoke like a little girl on
Christmas morning.
How brilliant for the sheikh to go when he did and return when I was ready
for him. My belly that had grown rotund and voluptuous was adorned with a
green stone, shiny as an emerald, the colour of my eyes. I watched from the
ramparts an hour after sunrise as an open-backed pickup crossed the desert from
town. They must have come straight from the boat and I knew, somehow I knew,
that the vehicle carried Samir, Mohammed, Azar and Umah. They shot by the
caravanserai, the driver tooted his horn as he swerved through the gate and they
vanished from view in a cloud of dust.
I should have gone down to the courtyard with the other women. That was my
place, my role, to throw up my hands, to fall to the floor and weep. But I
remained in the tower, the creature from Scheherazade’s story. I had a new life, I
liked my new life, but I knew from my old life that just as absence warms the
heart, so denial keens the appetite. When Samir climbed the stairs and I finally
heard his robes sweep along the corridor, he would be ready for me and I would
light up and glow like a chameleon.
I didn’t have long to wait. He appeared in the doorway and I ran into his arms.
He had remembered how to kiss and when he kissed my insatiable lips all the air
gushed from my body. He carried me to the stone shower where I washed away
the dust of his journey and he washed away the dust of my doubts and despair. I
could smell the sea on his skin. His face was bronzed, flawless as a God. His
cock stood between us and, when I bent to take it into my throat, I felt complete,
a lock being joined by the key to paradise.
Samir’s warm manhood was an alien sun that energised me. His taste was
sugary like sherbet. I felt spasms rolling down from his ribbed stomach and
paused, not wanting that first orgasm to come too quickly. I rose with a long wet
lick from his curly-covered balls to the groove in his soft helmet, from his navel
to the broad plain of his smooth hairless chest. I climbed up into his embrace and
the little sheikh throbbed against my belly.
He pushed the plug back in the shower. We dripped in the morning sun. The
yellow parakeets stood in a line, hopping from foot to foot, close enough to
touch, and sang their dissonant song.
‘You are happy to see me, habibi?’ he said.
‘So happy, you can’t imagine,’ I answered, careful with every word, and he
leaned back, pleased and surprised.
‘You speak my language?’
I ran my forefinger in a line from my chin to the spider. ‘I had a good
teacher,’ I told him.

He went down on his haunches to admire Amatullah’s handiwork. He
caressed my mount. ‘It’s beautiful,’ he said.
‘And you are beautiful.’
‘Yes, me beautiful.’ He kissed the spider. ‘She beautiful.’
‘You speak my language,’ I said and he looked up over my round belly, which
he stroked.
We entered the tower. The light was hazy, like a dream. I took his hand and
kissed his palm. I sucked his fingers, one after the other, then slid like an
obedient slave over the pillows piled high on the dais of carpets. I got a good
purchase with my knees, my breasts hung like udders over my lovely tummy
and, as I rolled my hips seductively, an ancient memory flooded my mind. I was
thirteen in the showers after a hockey match at school, a skinny thing with
budding breasts barely contouring my chest. A plump hirsute girl ripe as a peach
slapped my backside with a wet towel and all the girls laughed when she roared
‘shame your arse is your best feature’.
I was angry and tearful, but the memory now brought a smile to my lips. The
hairy girl may have been right. My bottom was full, plump, two precise domes
that rang out like a bell as the weathered hand I’d kissed came down in a hard
smack that set me on the yellow brick road to euphoria. The weight of that slap
pushed me forward, collapsing the pile of cushions, and without my arms for
support, I buried my head and pushed the target up to meet the next stroke of
discipline.
There is nothing, but nothing, like a good spanking. I wiggled all the more as
my bum grew redder, sweat poured from me like a tide and the sheikh’s wet
hand rang out louder and louder as smack after glorious smack rained down on
my intoxicated posterior. I liked the whip. You can enjoy the cane. But your
lover’s hand is the fleshly connection of your lover, it is his penis in another
form. Men with large hands are endowed with large cocks and the sheikh’s
hands were long and fine. If you look at the shape of a man’s palm and the soft
curve of a girl’s backside you can see that they are meant to join. They are the
two parts of a child’s first puzzle. All through my childhood Daddy had said
what I needed was a “damn good spank”. How prophetic.
I wriggled and writhed. My breasts wobbled. My wet hair hung in a golden
veil over my eyes. Samir beat me until the glow spread up my back and down
my thighs. He beat me until my drenched pussy sent a stream of boiling lava
down the insides of my legs. He beat me until the smell of my arousal stewed his
mind and he fell on me like a satyr, driving his spear deep into my winking
backside, filling me to the rim and we exploded instantly roaring like beasts.
We lay in a lake of sticky fluids, chests beating, the light growing stronger as

he revived sufficiently to swivel around and investigate the tattoo. He licked the
eight legs of the spider, he petted and nudged my swollen clit and his tongue like
a sword slid into the sheath of my flooded vagina.
All warm and soft, the little sheikh was perfumed with my own scents as it
worked between my teeth and, like baking clay, slowly hardened. Is there
anything better than sucking a man’s cock after it has rutted your backside? Is
there anything better than fucking?
The morning was soon gone and Samir was gone all too soon. We bathed
away the juice coating our bodies and he threw a sheet around his waist. As he
hurried along the walkway, the parakeets took wing and suddenly, for no reason,
a cold chill like a bad omen ran down my spine.
He vanished with a wave through the open door and I shook the feeling off. I
had been looking into the future. There is no future. I told myself there is only
this moment, the aroma of food slowly cooking, rising up the fortress walls, and
Maysoon must have guessed I was starving because she appeared with a warm
clay bowl and a crispy pita rolled up like a cigar between her pouting lips. There
were slices of meat with secret blends of spices on a bed of chutney made from
mangoes mixed with pitted dates and brown rice. We ate with our fingers and
wiped the bowl clean with pita strips that smelled of the oven.
We grinned and gazed into each other’s eyes as we ate and the joy I felt from
the sheikh coming home was doubled because in Maysoon there was no
resentment or jealousy. He had come to me. Perhaps another time he would first
go to her, and I would remember. I would carry her food without doubt or
antipathy. I would learn grace and equanimity, the laws of the harem, the law of
life.
We dressed and practised our belly dance. As the heat faded, we stripped and
lay in each other’s arms, the light in the twelve arched windows blushing a
delectable shade of pink. Before we dressed for my début, Maysoon painted my
eyes in kohl, my lips with a scarlet dye that Yasmeen ground from red petals and
paste; she rubbed cream over my chin and down the silken strand to my pubis. In
the shadowy light, the thread turned silver and the spider sparkled. More than
anything I would have loved to have been in possession of a full-length mirror so
that I could have locked that moment into the vaults of my memory.
We were ready. I could hear the musicians in the courtyard below. I wanted to
go down and join the festivities, but Maysoon held me back.
‘No, no, Chengi. Have patience.’
She had said this to me before, many times, and it was so hard to learn.
She was standing beside the battlements gazing out in the direction of town. I
joined her and we stared through the fading light until a spiral of dust appeared

on the horizon. The spiral grew larger, turning like a corkscrew. I heard the purr
of powerful engines as three black-windowed vehicles crossed the desert like a
line of scarabs. Their approach seemed slow but then, as they drew closer, the
engines roared and the brakes squealed as they turned towards the fort and
disappeared into the gates.
‘They have come,’ Maysoon said.
‘Who?’
She looked surprised. ‘The Emir,’ she replied. ‘The Emir is here.’
‘The Emir?’
She nodded and in her eyes were two crescents of moonlight. Maysoon didn’t
elaborate. I practised patience.
Above us, the night sky had never been so low and imposing. Green and blue
and orange shooting stars crisscrossed the firmament below the slowly turning
constellations. I stood in my costume, my ompholus, gateway to my womb,
bejewelled in a gleaming green stone, a third eye, deep and unseeing.
It was time to go. Maysoon drew the cap over my head and tucked my golden
hair below the intricate weaving of white pearls. We touched lips, careful not to
smear the greasepaint, and she ran the tip of her tongue over my teeth.
‘I love you, Chengi,’ she said, a rare … no, not rare, a unique show of
affection and friendship that made a tear well into the corner of my eye.
‘I love you, Maysoon.’
She grinned and I understood, suddenly I understood: when she was old and
no longer desirable, I would be the same. I would love her as she loved me. We
would buy spices when the traders came from the south. We would embellish
other girls with the blue tattoo and they, with their hedonism and lascivious
responsibilities, would maintain an air of peace and order.
As we made our way down the two flights of stairs, everything about me was
swaying, my skirts of chiffon, the beadwork top, the veil of pearls hiding but not
quite hiding my face. Everything about me, about the two of us, was tempting,
ripe, a feast for a feast. If a girl has a moment when she is at her best, this was
my moment. My limbs were long and slender, my bottom tingled, my feet glided
silently on the stone stairs, my belly was gorgeously rounded; a marble dome
that by some genius of geometry had swelled in a curve that reached to the same
vertical point as my breasts that were full and perky with nipples hard as nuggets
of gold.
We entered the colonnade with its row of tables laden with rich smelling
platters and tureens. The compound was lit by flaming braziers on tall metal
posts and a pair of sheep turned on the spit over the fire. The women fluttered by
on hennaed feet in new dresses bringing bowls with dips and baskets of pita,

filling every space until the tables groaned with the weight of the feast.
The men had gathered in concentric circles according to rank. Behind their
chatter the musicians plucked and hammered their instruments, lutes, a zither
they call a qanun, a tambourine, reed pipes, tablas of varying shapes and sizes,
their rhythms slow with an emotive power that made my fingers and toes tingle.
Samir was dressed in white with a white turban held by a single band. Beside
him sat the Emir, all in black with a black turban decorated with four bands of
gold that I assumed marked his status as the blue spider marked my own.
‘That’s the Emir?’ I whispered.
Maysoon nodded.
‘He is related to Samir?’
She looked back at me as if I were simple. ‘He is the head of the tribe,’ she
said. ‘The sheikh’s father.’
I looked again. Of course Samir was the man’s son. They had the same shiny
dark eyes, the same high cheek bones and carved features, the Emir’s face
masked by a heavy moustache and beard that clung tightly to his chin. They
were the same height, but the Emir was broader and had about him the air of a
tyrant.
Hanif, all in white like Samir, sat at Samir’s left, and behind them were men
in black and the two old men who never left the fort. Azar, Mohammed and
Umah were part of the larger outer circle, a place for everyone and everyone in
their place.
The women led by Amatullah emerged in a line with bowed heads and the
first tantalizing platters of food. The men took bowls and filled them. The
women scurried off again. It all seemed well-organised, rehearsed, as the girl
and I had rehearsed our belly dance.
No sooner had the women disappeared than they reappeared with more
courses, the smells filling the air with mystery and promise. The men grew
louder, the beat of the music faster, drawing me hypnotically behind Maysoon as
she wafted out from under the colonnade, her body like a snake weaving ancient
patterns of sensuality and seduction. Like a shadow, I followed every move,
every step, every gyration, excitement growing in me like fire. To dance in this
way before the ravenous eyes of a sea of men is the ultimate turn on, to be
desired unconditionally, universally, is the feminine ideal, the heart of our role,
ultimate bliss.
My eyelashes, heavy with kohl, fluttered like two tiny birds. I didn’t so much
see as perceive the Emir coming to his feet. He was motionless for a moment,
then moved at speed, three steps and he reached the musicians. I didn’t know
what was happening. He kicked the tabla from beneath the drummer’s hands, the

instrument rolled across the dirt and the music hushed to silence as if plunging
into the void.
The world stood still. The Emir grabbed my hand and pulled me under the
light of the nearest brazier. I noticed Samir leap to his feet and race towards us,
but he was too late. His father tore off my cap and threw it on the floor. He
stared into my eyes. He ripped the beads covering my breasts and the skirt from
my hips.
As Samir reached him, the Emir stood back, staring at me and holding off his
son. The men of the first circle and the men in black gathered about us. They
were silent as the Emir studied the blue tattoo. His eyes ran up the silken thread
to the silver St Christopher glowing in the firelight.
He looked finally into my eyes and in his expression I saw the contempt
powerful men in poor countries feel for the colonial, for the big corporations, for
the western governments who for five hundred years have exploited the people
in their world. The Christian symbol at my throat represented everything he
despised. His hand like a claw reached out and ripped the thong from my neck.
He threw the medal to the floor and ground it into the dust with the heel of his
leather boot.
As he turned to Samir, two of the black-turbaned men grabbed my arms. The
Emir hit Samir, only once, a thunderous blow across the side of his face,
knocking him off his feet.
‘Fool,’ he cried.
Samir stood. The tic on his neck was vibrating, but he wasn’t afraid.
‘She is mine, Father, mine,’ he yelled.
The Emir waved his arm. ‘She is from out there,’ he screamed. ‘You defile
our land.’
‘She is a woman. She is my woman. She belongs to me.’
‘Nothing belongs to you. Have I taught you nothing. Everything belongs to
the tribe.’
‘But, Father, I want her …’
‘You are not a child, Samir. We cannot have whatever we want.’
He ran at his father and grabbed the folds of his black tunic.
‘I will not give her up, Father. I will never give her up,’ he said.
His voice was low, considered. In the moment’s silence I thought for one
optimistic breath that the Emir was going to relent. I was wrong. He unscrewed
Samir’s hands from his clothes.
‘Take him away,’ he ordered.
Three men grabbed the sheikh from behind.
‘Father, I will not give her up. It is my right.’

‘My son, you have no rights. You have responsibilities.’
The men in black hauled Samir towards the steps beneath the colonnade. He
was shouting, screaming oaths. Black tears running with kohl streamed down my
face.
The Emir turned back to me and spat on the ground, the spray touching my
feet.
Yasmeen came forward with a robe she wrapped around my shoulders. As the
men urged me across the courtyard, she bent swiftly, retrieved the St Christopher
and pushed it into my palm.
One of the men grabbed an oil lamp and I was hurried down the steps to the
cellars I had explored during my long wait for Samir. I was shoved into the first
cell. The man leading the way placed the lamp in the corner and I was grateful
for the light that he left behind, for this mote of human kindness. The door
closed behind them and I heard the metallic rasp of the bolt sliding into place.
There was no escape. I wilted into the straw mattress and wept the night
through. Were they going to kill me? Behead me? Cut me in pieces and feed me
to the jackals? All night I lay without sleep clutching the St Christopher waiting
to find out.

Eleven
The Sahara
IT WAS UMAH WHO unlocked the door. He was carrying my one set of clothes, the
white hijab, pantaloons, the long cloth he turned neatly into a turban. He gave
me a pita stuffed with meat and rice.
‘Eat,’ he whispered.
He smoothed the robe Yasmeen had given me around my shoulders and
tucked in the folds. I ate quickly like a prisoner not knowing when I might eat
again.
Umah never said another word. He carried the lamp, long extinguished, and I
followed him up the stairs. The Emir and his men were smoking as the waited
beside the black-windowed vehicles, the word Nissan in shiny chrome letters on
the back of each one. The men were armed with Kalashnikovs and looked like
revolutionaries with belts of cartridges across the chests.
As I crossed the courtyard, the yellow parakeets rose into the air and swept
down in a circle.
I heard Samir’s voice.
‘Chengi. Chengi.’
He appeared, racing along the walkway behind the battlements.
‘Chengi, I come. I come,’ he cried.
‘Samir …’
One of the men grabbed my arm. As he was bundling me into one of the cars,
Samir climbed up on the narrow wall and summoned up more words of English.
‘Chengi. You wait.’
I pulled away from the man and ran back across the courtyard. Samir was
leaning over so far I thought he was going to fall and I wanted to be up there
with him, behind the door with its brass spider guarding the lock, in the tower
with its twelve windows and long memories. Tears filled my eyes.
‘You wait,’ he cried.
‘I will wait, Samir.’
A smile touched his lips. ‘Habibi,’ he said.

An arm went around my waist, a hand clasped my mouth. I was carried
kicking and finally thrown into the back of the vehicle. The driver was already
seated. The Emir got in the front and the automatic locks clicked into place. The
other men, eight of them, climbed into the other two cars and our driver took the
central position as our convoy sped out of the gate. The red fort quickly
disappeared behind me. I looked back. I kept looking and suddenly there was
nothing, only dust.
The sun was in our eyes and slowly arced over the shiny black roofs of the
Nissans. We drove over rutted tracks, for how long I didn’t know. I had lost the
habit of thinking in hours. I watched the light change. A half a day must have
passed, mile after mile of scrub and rock, scraggly trees, Arabs in file riding or
leading camels or donkeys, the occasional 4x4 churning up cones of sand. The
landscape was empty, biblical. Time didn’t matter here.
The Emir stared out of the window as if for some suitable place to stop, his
hard profile like a face on a coin. The driver never caught my eye in the rearview mirror. I had thought at first that they were taking me out in the desert to
kill me. But you don’t drive hundreds of miles to do that. This wasn’t the end of
my journey. I was in transit, between things, moving on further and further from
where I had started.
A nest of low buildings appeared on the horizon. The Emir pulled out a
mobile phone; it was black, sleek, state of the art, a reminder of that other world,
a reminder that I had never seen Samir with the same device. The Emir mumbled
a few terse words and snapped the machine shut.
We passed through a sun-bleached shanty town and where the track ran out
we stopped beneath the shade of a dozen windswept palms. Four men and five
camels were corralled in the shade. The men stood, they waited, lowering their
heads as if royalty had come to visit. I stepped out of the car and the driver took
my arm. One of the men came forward and bowed.
‘My Emir,’ he said.
‘Ali-Sayad, my good friend,’ the Emir responded; the two men did the heart
touching greeting, and the Emir stood back. ‘I will remember this,’ he added.
‘Ma’assalama.’
That was it. The men with the man I now knew was Ali-Sayad took the
hobbles from the camels. The men with the Emir carried some hessian sacks
from the vehicles, helped load them in the big leather panniers strapped to the
animals, then returned to wait.
The Emir never looked at me. He never spoke to me. I existed only as a
problem solved.
The four men, my minders, glanced at me with little interest. I was led to the

smallest of the camels; it was kneeling on its forelegs and I climbed into the
wide saddle. The convoy started and the engines roared as the three Nissans sped
off. I looked back as if at the past and it had gone.
The sun dried my tears and I watched the shifting, drifting, constantly moving
sands as the camel lurched towards the horizon. My mind was a black slate
wiped clean. My throat was parched and I told myself that this journey had a
purpose, that we are all continuously discarding and becoming.
It was illogical, but I was more afraid of my camel than Ali-Sayad and his
three companions, men with hard eyes and weathered faces the same tawny-hued
colour as the sand. They carried rifles across their backs; they wore soft leather
boots and robes striped in shades of brown that billowed about them as we rode
east with the sun behind us. One of the men had blue eyes and wore a moustache
veined in coppery threads; the others heavy beards, heavy brows and
impenetrable expressions.
It was terrifying to be alone with these men, but they were only men, after all.
They would take from me what they wanted and I would remain safe. Like cattle
and date palms, women are commodities. I had no reason to believe I would be
harmed. Violence grows from deprivation and these men with next to nothing
appeared to have everything they needed.
The silence was only broken by the occasional grunt of the camel and the
rhythm of its cloven hooves, regular as a heartbeat. The desert is endless. The
stillness acquires an anonymity, the predictability of things dying and dead. The
rocky ground edging the Sahara quickly turns to sand. The dunes roll as far as
the curve of the earth, a constantly changing ocean. The clarity of the light seems
to illuminate your very being. The Sahara offers a glimpse of eternity that fixes
you in the present and removes the context of time. Hours and days come and
go, all the same, pale skies and sand, black skies and stars.
I did not regret swimming away from La Gomera, nor leaving Spain with
Samir. We only regret what we do not do, not what we do. Perhaps my one
misgiving was deceiving the sheikh with the boy. But perhaps not. One of the
joys of love is the certainty of betrayal. Like the snake and the scorpion,
denizens of the desert, treachery, I had learned, was my true nature. Within my
imperfections, I had loved Samir. He was my first love. Probably my last. Like
Maysoon, I learned not to think about the future.
The landscape at first seemed to be the same, rolling dunes on an endless sea.
But my eyes acclimatised to the infinitesimal changes, the low mountains that
grew as we drew closer, a lone tree, a bird.
We approached a settlement clinging to the shade of soaring cliffs and filled
the goatskin bags with water. Ali-Sayad paid the man who controlled the well

with a couple of hessian sacks of rice. I slipped down from my camel. I washed
my face and the men glowered at me as you would a thief. One of them spat and
I was reminded of the old men who had disapproved of me from the moment I
had arrived at the red fort.
Ali-Sayad said something and Hussein, the man who had spat, the one with
blue eyes, levered me brusquely back into the saddle. We journeyed on, leaving
the scant shade of the oasis, tenuous home to an enduring population of desert
people, the last in the line of men who left behind no tomb nor tool, just
scattered bones crumbling to dust. The people lived in huts made of reeds. They
cultivated cypress and olives, pink laurel and lavender, the smell of things
growing embracing my senses like flowers at a funeral.
The men I was with never spoke to me and seldom spoke to each other. The
sun carved its path across the empty sky. It had been cool by the coast, but the
Sahara takes little heed of the seasons. It is always hot. The camels lope along in
an ungainly way. They are known as the ships of the desert and that’s the feeling
you get rocking backwards and forwards in the same slow, unchanging rhythm.
Sweat poured from my body. The top of my head was baked beneath the folds of
the turban. I kept the loose tail of the fabric over my nose, covering my face,
blinking away the showers of sand blown up by vagrant winds and the camels
before me.
We stopped at sunset at the foot of a range of low hills. Ali-Sayad and his men
conjured up small twigs from the sand and lit a fire they kept going with camel
dung. They fed and watered the camels. They fed and watered me. The sky was
pierced by a billion stars and I watched the celestial display as Ali-Sayad
stripped off my clothes. I laid back on a coarse blanket and he entered me as if
this were something he should do but did with little interest. I was neither wet
nor dry, aroused nor frigid. This was what I did. This was my gift, and I accepted
his blunt cock inside me as the palm accepts the wind and the calm with
equanimity. I closed my eyes. I thought of Samir’s marble penis nudging my
clitoris and took what infinitesimal pleasure there was to be had.
The other men, those men without names, took their turn to leave their semen
in my mouth, my vagina, across my belly. They were not brutal or unkind, nor
tender and loving. I wasn’t raped. I wasn’t hurt. Hussein came last to my
blanket. He rolled me over, parted the cheeks of my bottom and drove into me
like a battering ram. He grunted, he dribbled on my back, he dragged at my
forearms and rode me like a wild Arabian horse that needed breaking.
There was a rage in Hussein, like Samir’s father, and with men you never
know if the violent way in which they take you is a punishment for something
you have done to upset them, or if there is something in their lives that you know

nothing about, some anguish or doubt or disappointment. A tension runs through
their bodies, you can feel it as they take their revenge on your yielding flesh.
Hussein pushed into my back passage as if he were trying to cut me in two and
pumped out his fiery sperm in one shot like a sniper.
I dressed and pulled the blanket around me. I looked up at the stars weaving
and juggling time. There was no question of trying to escape. Not here, in the
desert. I would watch the stars and wait for my moment.
The nights are cold and it is a pleasure those first minutes of cool while the men
take the hobbles from the camels. We continue, five shadows crossing a
wasteland. The heat stokes up quickly and my sweat draws out the smell of sex.
After washing my face with a handful of water, I do not wash again. The only
water I take is sucked sparingly from a goatskin bag and no champagne in the
best clubs of London has tasted more divine.
A single day without bathing is disagreeable. A week passes and it doesn’t
bother you. Once a layer of dirt coats your skin, there’s no room for more. The
filth the men leave on me doesn’t penetrate and the smell of sweat and semen is
a relief from the vile odour of the camels. These couplings on bitter nights are
dreary and mechanical. The men have never learned love nor found the heady
delights of passion. I could have been a vinyl doll or a sheep or a hole in a piece
of fruit. We mate, we sleep, we travel on.
The nights grow colder, the days hotter. The desert plays with your mind. I
saw marble cities and aquamarine lakes below the colourless sky, people
appearing and vanishing like smoke. I feel the weight of gravity above my head,
the sun like a hammer. The Sahara is home to the last surviving nomads, but
more it is a place of passage, the paths going from nowhere to nowhere.
The wind comes and goes with different names, Irifi, Ouahdj, Ghibli, each
more menacing than the last. The Irifi arrives in spirals like a detachment of
tornadoes; the Ouahdj burns your skin like dragon breath; the Ghibli shrieks like
banshees as she beats grit into your eyes and mouth. I cover my head, I fold into
myself and feel sorry for my camel making slow progress from one sandy plain
to the next. I couldn’t see the desert. I was travelling into myself, into an alien
geography. I had been afraid of what was going to happen to me, but my fear
had passed. I was a precious resource like the diminishing supply of water.
We stopped at rocky hills that seemed to mark a border and I knew we were
leaving Mauritania when Ali-Sayad pointed into the windstorm and said in
French Il y a Mali.
We sheltered in a cave. The men made tea and Ali-Sayad took a flaming torch
to show me the paintings on the walls, hippopotamus, ostrich, giraffe, creatures

that must have lived there in prehistoric times when the desert was savannah and
jungle. He turned to me with a grin that seemed devilish in the thin light. He
asked me if I liked the drawings and I told them they were marvellous, a lasting
gift.
‘Nous allons à Mali? I then asked. We are going to Mali?
He nodded. ‘Mali,’ he replied. ‘À Timbuktu.’
‘Et après Timbuktu?’
He shrugged. He didn’t know where I was going. My fate awaited me.
He strolled back to the camels and whistled cheerfully to the other men. AliSayad had proudly shown me the rock paintings and, that night, he would leave
his sperm in my vagina. It was perfectly natural for these men to treat me as a
chattel, and in that empty world of wind and sand, it seemed normal to me, too.
What we think of as normal is constantly changing, the widow remarries, the
banker goes bankrupt. Like the waves on the sea, motion and change is the
natural state, that in the end it is only change that we can trust and we hold fast
to permanence at our peril.
The Ouahdj had dropped. I watched my camel sucking at the dry grasses
through rubbery lips before scything off the tufts with vicious teeth. I wasn’t
sure that she was a she but, with her sad eyes and faint squint, I had named her
Yasmeen and she responded to the name. Yasmeen kept chewing as we
continued. She peed and plopped out date-sized pellets of poo and I moved with
her rhythm.
From the foothills, it is a brutal climb over sulphur-coloured slices of rock
studded with mirrors of anthracite. The camel’s load swayed precariously and I
wondered what it was the men moved from the coast and traded in the desert –
salt, rice, guns, girls?
Where there are hills there are clouds, a greater likelihood of rain and a few
desperate trees and flowers. We descended from the heights on a ladder trail and
crossed a plateau paved with gigantic black slabs of petrified carbon. The sky is
pallid. The sun remains all but motionless for many hours, burning my hands,
burning my retina, shrivelling the spider disappearing beneath the stubble
claiming my pubic mount.
The sun is pitiless, relentless, the sun and the wind a level of purgatory Dante
never knew because you must cross the Sahara to know this hell on earth. My
skin is as dry as parchment, stretched tight as a drum. I am ready to burst into
flame. My body tingles and itches. My teeth ache. Sand enters every crevice. My
mind swims and I see a misty picture of that girl shedding her clothes to cross
the sea. I see water everywhere, gushing rivers and pounding surf, Jacuzzi
whirlpools, Lake Windermere, the showers at school. I am on the edge of

delirium and think of Samir as I press my eyes tightly shut.
Chengi, I come. I come.
The heat is furnace hot, searing, scorching, mind-numbing, uninterrupted and
my heart bursts with relief when I see in the sky traces of pink as the sun dips
into the horizon and sheds an orange glow over the empty landscape. I feel as if I
have been delivered from an ordeal, heated on a brazier, beaten with hammer
blows and stronger as a result.
The men did not come to my blanket that night. We ate little, we drank all the
water in the goatskin bags and I slept drained and exhausted.
The desert next day gave way to tree scattered savannah. I saw huge termite
mounds and squat baobab trees that reminded me of being a girl of twelve and
reading Antoine de Saint-Exupéry’s The Little Prince. When the first buildings
came into view the sound of the yellow parakeets brought a piercing, poignant
moment of sorrow to my heart.
We reached a town I would learn was called Ségou. It clings to the banks of
the Niger, the wide, sluggish brown river that winds its way into the dark heart
of Africa. Ségou smelled of sewers, diesel and fish. I saw in the distance a water
tower topped by a flag and the dome of a mosque. There were the usual traders
selling CDs, red pottery and rifles. In places where there is little food, no
sanitation or roads, schools or housing, you find cell phones and the most
sophisticated weaponry in the world.
We dismounted beside the river and the camels dipped their heads into the
flow. Their pink tongues were like scoops drawing at the surface of the water,
they drank without haste and were surprising graceful.
We were joined by a tall, ebony-skinned man in a crocheted skullcap and a
white burnoose. He was closely-shaved with smooth features. He slapped
fingertips with Ali-Sayad, but his bright eyes had fallen on me. The man, his
name was Mustaf, led my camel into a corral where two horses chewed at the
grass on the river bank. The others followed. They hobbled the animals, then
gathered to drink tea in the shade beneath a copse of palms.
When Ali-Sayad and Mustaf started to raise their voices I knew they were in
negotiation and I had a feeling that it wasn’t the cost of stabling the camels they
were discussing. They reached an agreement and my four travelling companions
returned to their places beneath the trees.
Mustaf waggled his finger. ‘Vous venez,’ he commanded, and I followed him
into the tin-roofed hut.
Without considering the alternatives, I unwound my turban, releasing my
grubby yellow curls. I pulled the hijab over my head. The St Christopher was
hidden in the folds of my pantaloons and I held it tight as I slipped them off and

placed them on top of the hijab. I stood there naked, and he studied the blue line
running from my chin to the tuft of my pubes. Through the blonde floss you
could still make out the dark palimpsest of the spider.
He seemed confused. I was a white girl with clan markings. I belonged to
someone. He knew it wasn’t Ali-Sayad. Had I been stolen, bartered? Would
there be a reward if he took me back where I belonged? I could see about his
features that look children have doing sums in their head. These were not
sophisticated people. Their abacus was the simple arithmetic of survival.
He made his decision. He grinned and beckoned for me to follow. At the back
of the hut beside a toilet consisting of a low ceramic platform with two raised
areas for your feet was a shower. I looked into his eyes and he smiled. The
shower was driven by a pump which he activated, working it with one foot while
I stood below the delicious sprays of cold water. He gave me a big green bar of
soap that was surprisingly gentle and my skin burst to life like a flower.
The spider, too, was reborn. I could feel the eight legs stretching below the
cap of hair. Mustaf said something in a language I did not understand, but his
actions were clear. He pulled his burnoose over his head, stepped from white
underpants which I’m sure said Calvin Klein around the elastic, and his cock
stood smartly to attention. The man was tall and, likewise, his manhood was
monumental with dark throbbing veins and a mauve head as delicate as the fairy
orchids Mummy cultivated in her greenhouse.
Mustaf was clearly proud of this specimen. He was grinning a mouthful of
perfect teeth as I went down on my knees, gazed up at him over the plain of his
body and kept staring into his eyes as I took the monster into my mouth. I
sucked and nibbled, chewed and licked. He bunched my hair in his hands in
order to lever my head back and forth. My lips stretched, my jaw dropped and
like a python I swallowed the creature whole. He was ready to come and
whipped it out in order to prolong the delights of discovering such a willing little
whore. I knew me and I knew men. It was less painful to let yourself go, do your
thing, let them do their thing.
I remained on my knees. He placed his hands under my armpits and lifted me
into his arms. I was as light as a child. My belly dancer belly had gone, left in
the Sahara. My hips and ribs were skeletal against my white skin, and I’m sure
my eyes were hungry and haunted. He ran his tongue around my lips as we
crossed the hut to the stained mattress occupying the far corner. He put me down
and, at that moment, I remembered my most successful book jacket, a whole
sequence of scenes recalled as an old diary holds the keys to caches of memory.
We were publishing a chick lit author, a wizard at self-promotion. She had
written a Guess Who’s’ Coming to Dinner rip-off: a black sculptor in love with a

tall, willowy girl with protruding teeth and a long, Home Counties face. Like
her, in fact. I suggested a photo of her entwined in the arms of a black model
who came at a cost of £300. There was no budget for such extravagance, but she
agreed to pay herself. She was only an author but Daddy was something in the
City. The model was gay and disdainful, he complained that the girl had body
odour, which she did, but the shots were stunning; he standing, a sculpture, like
the black sculptor of her story, she clinging to him, body white as alabaster, face
hidden by her long hair.
The press feeds on fast-food sex, everything known and obvious. The cover
shot had something different about it, something that stuck in your mind and got
under your skin. The young Scots photographer was making a name for himself
and what he taught me that day was that a pornographic photo is arranged to fuel
sexual desire. An erotic photo captures an erotic situation. It is subtle, puzzling,
mischievous. That’s what we had achieved.
The book was mediocre but received masses of reviews, zillions of column
inches of comment, an interview on Woman’s Hour. The photographer – short,
solid, handsome, vibrant – wanted to sleep with me and I wanted to sleep with
him but didn’t because I was being loyal to the boyfriend.
Who was that girl?
Not the author. The other one. The girl with nice legs in a short skirt and a
lack of self-confidence sticking to her like a birthmark?
That girl was me, uncomplainingly, settling back on the grubby mattress with
its faint smell of goats and grime, legs parted like a drawbridge to allow
Mustaf’s sleek black liner to enter my harbour. He was good. He did the right
things and reached the right places, his silky head pushing up to my womb, the
thick meaty trunk nudging my clit and, I do declare, after those nights of mean
pairings out in the desert, as he began to pump out his load, I almost blew the tin
roof from the hut shrieking in unexpected rapture.
When girls scream it makes men feel as if they are the kings of the world. He
kissed me like a lover, ran his long pink serpent tongue down the indigo line
between my throbbing breasts, over my flat tummy bereft of the green jewel, he
waggled between my bloated labia and, when the serpent sunk its teeth into my
jutting, pulsing clitoris, I came again, pumping out an immodest spray that
coated his carved ebony features.
‘Quelle beauté exotique,’ he said, then he switched to Arabic, which he
thought I wouldn’t understand.
‘You are going to fetch a good price,’ he added, and I knew I must remain
cautious to survive my fate.
We washed. We dressed. I followed as he swaggered bare-headed out to the

corral. The four Arabs remained expressionless. Mustaf stood momentarily with
his hands on his hips then slapped Ali-Sayad’s fingers.
We traipsed through the trees to the river bank where a narrow pirogue was
tied to a wooden jetty. The boat had a canvas awning for the sun and an outboard
motor. Hussein stepped aboard and the other men passed him two hessian sacks,
which he stored in the back alongside the half dozen plastic containers, fuel for a
long journey. He took his seat on top of the sacks and ripped the cord to start the
motor.
Ali-Sayad fluttered his hand to indicate that I should go aboard. I did so and
sat hugging my knees on the platform beneath the awning. He then squeezed into
the pirogue’s long pointed prow, nursing a rifle, and we set off without a word,
Mustaf and the other men left behind and it was impossible to understand the
relationship they had with each other.
The broad green water lilies lying on the surface of the water disappeared as
we moved away from the bank and gathered speed. Marsh grass stretched as far
as I could see. In the trees overhanging the river nests like Chinese lanterns hung
from the boughs and small birds weaved through the branches.
The sky was endless, pale blue. Ségou slipped behind us; it had seemed
temporary, like a set taken down after a photo shoot. The river broadened and we
bounced gently with the flow. It wasn’t long before the vegetation was left
behind and it was dreamlike moving along a vein of water within the vast sandy
body of the Sahara. We passed scattered villages where naked children stood
waving from the banks. We saw cattle herders, men with small scars next to one
eye, the marks of their tribe, their eyes following our progress with vague
interest, two Arabs from the coast and a creature all in white.
I was moving further away from where I started. I loved Samir, but felt no
remorse that I had found pleasure with Mustaf, and would have found the same
pleasure, perhaps more, had I struggled to fight him off. I was in mortal danger,
each mile navigated along the Niger taking me deeper into the unknown, but still
in that moment I marvelled at the severe existential beauty of the desert and felt
a fleeting thrill just being there.
In the last glimmers of day I watched from the boat the bustle of a small town
crowded with traffic, buses, begging children, women carrying bananas in wide
metal trays on their heads. A hotel stood on the waterfront shaded by mahogany
trees and I’m sure from the kitchens I could smell French cooking. The hotel
was a place for tourists, foreigners like me, and only later would I look back and
ask myself why I didn’t slide into the river and try to escape.
You are going to fetch a good price.
Mustaf’s last words ran through my mind like a mantra. But my journey had

taken on its own momentum and some unexplained force was impelling me to
my uncertain destination.
We stopped to buy fish and stopped again another few miles down river.
Hussein looped a rope around my ankle and tied it to the trunk of a tree under
which they made a fire. Ali-Sayad gave me cooked fish on a water lily. I ate with
my fingers and sucked every bone dry. They boiled water from the river, mixed
in hibiscus leaves and I drank cup after cup I was so dehydrated.
We slept beneath the stars and moved with the sun, setting out as it rose, shiny
as tin, colouring the surface of the river in silver streaks. I watched fishermen
balanced in pirogues casting nets by hand. They waved but I felt no inclination
to wave back. Villages little changed for a thousand years clung to the water’s
edge, behind them paddy fields green with growing rice.
The day was long, the sun hazy hot, the outcroppings of trees easing the arid
landscape from desert to savannah. I trailed my fingers through the water. I saw
crocodiles in the reeds and watched birds dropping elegantly from the sky to
scoop up fish foolish enough to swim close to the surface.
Only once did Hussein slow and I held my breath as we glided closer to the
riverbank.
‘Regardez.’
Ali-Sayad spoke softly and pointed.
A herd of giraffes came out of the bush, the sight of these tall creatures so
unreal as to seem like a mirage. They raced towards the river. I thought for a
moment they were going to plunge into the water, but they swerved, each
making the same dramatic motion, and took flight along the riverside. I followed
their progress as they moved further away. Hussein didn’t speed up and, when I
looked back, I saw an infant giraffe, awkward on its long legs, trying to keep up.
A leopard was trailing languidly behind. The giraffe turned to follow the herd,
but then turned again, setting out on its own fatal course. The leopard curved
gracefully, increased its pace and took off into the air, its wide jaw sinking deep
into the giraffe’s slender throat.
I screamed.
‘No. No. No.’
The men laughed. Hussein accelerated and I sat for the rest of the day staring
out at the changing landscape through the prism of my teary eyes.
We camped in an inlet where tiny birds ran up and down the hard sand in a
military dance. They had acquired more fish which Ali-Sayad cooked on an
open fire. I drank hibiscus tea. A breeze licked the surface of the river and the
sky turned a vinyl black so impenetrable the trees lost definition, the stars didn’t
shine and the men again that night didn’t come to my blanket. I slept with a rope

around my ankle tied to Hussein and dreamed that I was a giraffe.
We set out once more. I didn’t know rivers were so long and the world so
empty. I saw a family of hippopotamus rising out of the river like giant boulders,
antediluvian beasts that had survived flood and famine, white hunters, the
cement factories, the diamond mines and salt mines, the wars, the endless wars,
the international corporations, the hunger for bush-meat, that brief glimpse of the
hippos a reminder that they had survived but survival is precarious and life
fragile.
I could smell dust in the air. I saw the largest mosque I had ever seen emerge
out of the landscape, dwarfing the trees, the mud-brick houses faintly golden in
the afternoon sun.
‘Timbuktu,’ Ali-Sayad said. ‘Nous sommes arrivés.’
Explorers for hundreds of years had set out in search of the legendary lost city
of gold. It appeared suddenly on a turn of the river, brown, impoverished,
unremarkable. Hussein slowed briefly, then accelerated again, leaving the city
behind. We travelled for another hour, two hours, I wasn’t sure, and stopped at a
pier where a row of boats were tied to old car tyres.
Beyond the landing place stood a circle of tents and vehicles in a clearing,
animals tethered to one side. In the distance, lit by the declining sun, the
terracotta-coloured hills were embellished with yellow stone houses with
thatched roofs shaped like witches’ hats.
A man and a boy, father and son, appeared, guards, I assumed. I stood on the
bleached wooden decking as a few coins changed hands and for the briefest
moment it occurred to me that I should dive into the river and swim to the other
side, take my chances in the wilderness.
The thought evaporated as quickly as it emerged. I had not at any time tried to
escape, not even when I saw the lights of the hotel. There was a part of me that
wanted to see how far I was going, how far I could go, a part of me that wanted
to know what was going to happen next.

Twelve
Scheherazade
AS WE DREW CLOSER to the circle of tents, I saw beyond the clearing a landing
strip with a small jet without livery and a single propeller Cessna of the sort that
used to fly me back to Kent when Daddy was stationed in Brussels and the
school holidays had come to an end. Planes and pack animals. Guns and famine.
In Africa you are touched by extremes and it is at the margins of things where
we find out who we are.
There was an air of carnival, loud voices, drummers and flutes. The smell of
camel dung and hashish, sweat, the press of people. The sun was past its zenith
and with the cool came a sense of urgency. Hussein gripped my arm and we
followed Ali-Sayad through the crowds to the largest of the tents, a grand
structure hung on decorative posts with flaps and flags that quivered in the
breeze coming off the river.
Outside, there was a long low platform and, inside, several men loomed over a
trestle table, all shouting as they tried to get the attention of a man in a white
djellaba writing in a ledger. The man had a white beard in the shape of a spade,
a curling moustache and a meticulous, unhurried hand. He could have been a
Mesopotamian priest. A character from another time.
Everyone smoked. Everyone was attempting to edge in front of everyone else,
but it was all good-natured, these men like boys eager for the start of some
special event. The man in white stroked his moustache between each entry. His
head rose, his eyes would fall on the next in line and, regardless of all the
pushing and shoving, only when it came to his turn was Ali-Sayad able to list his
goods for sale.
I was Lot 12.
I thought about that. I thought it was a good omen. A good number. I wasn’t
superstitious, but would have hated to have been Lot 13.
We shuffled out of the main tent to a smaller tent where there were bowls of
water, soap, towels, brushes, everything except a hair dryer. At Ali-Sayad’s
signal, I stepped from my clothes and, like an obedient Collie, those friendly

dogs with long silky hair, I stood patiently as the two men set about grooming
their pedigree blonde from the north. They washed the sand from my curls, they
bathed my body. Hussein, always close to violence, cleaned between my toes, he
ran the soapy cloth up my legs and gently between the lips of my vagina. He
took a fresh bowl of water to sponge me down and I thought how easily we
forget that water is precious.
As Ali-Sayad dried me with a towel, my body responded instinctively, my
heart beat faster and my breasts swelled up with a prickle that pinpricked the
hard pink buds. Ali-Sayad threw out his arms as if in wonder.
‘Très bien,’ he said, and clapped his hands.
On that sliver of an island beyond La Gomera I had come to see nudity as a
form of protection: the naked girl invites violation, not violence. It had been
foolish to leave my costume on the beach and, from that first fatal error, step by
step, mile after mile, by boat and camel and canoe, my arrival at the slave
auction on the banks of the River Niger seemed predestined.
Ali-Sayad slapped my bottom with the tenderness a man shows a pony. He
stood back to look at me as you would a painting in a gallery and I got the
feeling he was thankful to have come to the end of the Emir’s assignment.
I had no tether about my neck or ankles. I needed no restraints. There was
nowhere to go except forward. I had the blue tattoo from below my chin to my
crotch and the St Christopher gripped in my palm as refugees take a handful of
earth with them into exile.
The drums beat louder as Ali-Sayad led the way across the circle to the
platform arranged outside the big tent. He took my elbow to support me as I
climbed the three rifle crates serving as stairs to take my place. I gazed out at the
intense, concentrated, inquisitive faces. It was like being in a dream, a fantasy. I
had left London to go in search of adventure. I had wanted to lose myself in
order to find myself. Somewhere, the line must have blurred. I had reached an
extreme I didn’t know existed – within me; within the world.
I had become a character from One Thousand and One Nights and
remembered the Sultan who beheaded three thousand virgins after finding his
wife in the arms of another man. Only Scheherazade escaped the same fate and
did so with a guile I didn’t have. I had only one story to tell. How I had set out
across the sea, fallen in love with a young sheikh locked away by his wicked
father, and how I was now standing vacant and paperless before an ocean of men
with an eye for business, and how I knew, I knew without doubt, that their
business was the guilds and chains of oldest profession.
From Timbuktu I would journey on to some brothel in Hong Kong, Kuwait,
Bangkok, London. Slavery knows no borders. There is an unending stream of

hapless girls following the silk routes and trade routes to the furthest corners of
the earth. My deepest desires had been awakened and what had been my joy
would become a life sentence, a daily, nightly, everlasting performance on my
knees, my back, with my mouth open and legs open. I would be beaten,
whipped, damaged, and what had been my pleasure would turn as pleasure does
to eternal pain.
I had entered the core of the female condition, that place where you go when
you shed your clothes like an outer skin to seize the future. I glanced at the other
girls along the platform. We batted our eyelashes and ran our eyes over each
other as if this were a competition and, in a way, women are always competing
in the primeval struggle to be acknowledged as a desirable object. I exchanged
nods with Oriental twins, also naked, we were all naked. A slave has no rights to
modesty. There was a tall Massai from the jungles of Serengeti, silver anklets at
her feet, her hair hennaed. There were others I couldn’t see, tall and short, black
and brown, commodities for all tastes. It is hard to understand why, but in
sharing your suffering the suffering is more tolerable.
The buyers were wandering past the platform to inspect the goods. They, too,
came from everywhere, all shades and races, Tauregs, Berbers, Turks, tribesmen
from the nearby Dogon villages. I saw Arabs from the Persian Gulf with
distinctive beards and chequered headdresses. There was a woman in a blue
burkha, her face hidden by a mask. I saw two black men in white suits, men with
scarred cheeks, monarchs in animals skins, and I saw a white man in a linen suit,
polished brogues and a pale blue tie speaking French with a man who could have
been an Aztec in a cloak woven from feathers. They came closer.
The white man was English. I knew by the way he spoke French, good but
imperfect, like Daddy. He could have been a member of the same club. He
stopped to look up at me, the blonde floss between my legs, the cobalt stripe
dividing my breasts, my green eyes. He turned to the man with him.
‘C’est une sauvage!’ he said and looked back at me.
‘I’m English,’ I said. ‘Help me? Please can you help me?’
He stood back, surprised, offended, as are some people when they come
across a beggar asking for change in the street. His jaw locked, but his eyes
remained mobile, icy. They were leopard’s eyes, and I looked away, across the
crowd. I was a slave in a market that was coldly secular in that tropical waste.
There was no escape. For thousands of years girls have been stripped, strapped,
enslaved and sacrificed. Man can’t stop poisoning the air, cutting down the rain
forests, killing the last rare species of animals and plants. Was there any reason
to believe slavery and the sex trade would ever end?
Tears touched the corners of my eyes. The sky was pink, the sun laying out a

matador’s cape over the Sahara. Night would soon be falling. You go through
darkness one step at a time. I looked out at the multitude, searching every face. I
wanted to believe Samir was out there, that he had come to find me, but the
dream was hopeless.
The old man in the white djellaba climbed up with his ledger behind a lectern,
hammered his gavel on the wooden top and the auction began. He announced
what I assumed was Lot One in a voice raked by tobacco smoke and the men in
the clearing responded with bids in a polyglot of languages. I understood the
numbers, one, ten, twenty, but had no notion of the currency they traded in,
dollars, franc Africaines, Krugerrands.
The lots went quickly. A Chinese man in a red suit with shimmering silver
threads bought the twins and his rivals clapped, the crowd parting to allow him
to claim his goods. The woman in the mask, the wife of one of the Gulf sheikhs,
acquired a small submissive girl with timid eyes and I imagined she would spend
the rest of her life in Saudi or Dubai cleaning, mending, making do, sewing at
once in double thread a shroud as well as a shirt.
There are more sophisticated ways of trafficking people, but this nameless
clearing where the trade routes crossed was a bridge to the past, a reminder of
the myth of Timbuktu. While we are busy making wars to bring democracy and
western customs to Africa and the Middle East, in the third world, the old world,
the people continue their ancient traditions. This wasn’t merely a slave market, it
was a demonstration of defiance.
An aloof girl from India, an arrangement of jewels on fine chains running
from her nose to her top lip and down to her belly button, was caught in a
bidding war between the king in animal skins and a man whose coiled whip
completed the ornate costume of a Maharajah. When he outbid his rival, the
Maharaja snapped the whip in the warm air to celebrate. The girl shuddered, her
features revealing pangs of agony and ecstasy that I recognised, and I desired
only that she learned to appreciate the ambiguous joys of discipline.
There was a roar and a fresh round of applause when the Massai strutted up
and down the platform. I had seen anorexic mannequins on the catwalk with the
same loping gait, the same vague expression, and it is strange but true that even
the highest paid model is no more than a slave to commerce. The Massai was
purchased by a swarthy, barrel-chested man with a knife scar across his eye and
down his cheek. He immediately fastened a leather collar around the girl’s neck
and marched expressionless across the clearing like a circus performer leading a
wild cat.
The girls had all gone. I was alone, centre stage, the last rays of the sun like a
spotlight. The musicians played, the bids came from every direction, the sum

and the excitement mounting. Among those exotic girls I was a rarity, a milkyskinned blonde with emerald eyes and a tattoo. I tried to see myself as they saw
me and, with hazy vanity, I thought I was worth my weight in gold.
The bidders approached, predators stalking their prey, the Englishman, the
man from China, the tallest of the sheikhs, a Taureg in blue with tattoos on his
face, a nomad who had stopped wandering or was seeking someone to wander
with. Would it be such a terrible life, I wondered? I had crossed the Sahara. I
belonged to the desert. I caught his eye. I smiled. I willed him to win.
One hundred.
Two hundred.
This thousand, that thousand.
The numbers rose. The auctioneer pointed his mallet like a compass needle,
his smoky voice rising to fever pitch.
At the back of the crowd were two black men in white suits, white shirts and
white ties. I had seen them earlier. Now, they edged forward. At the same time,
they were leaning into each other as if to whisper secrets. They seemed to have
come to a decision.
The bidders were shouting, but now one of the two men in white raised his
hand and called out a figure that drew a gasp from the crowd. The gasp was
followed by silence. The highest bidder at an auction is like an Oscar winner, an
Olympic champion. Other men get a tingle in their groins and look on in awe
tinged with envy.
The auctioneer stroked his moustache. He closed his ledger with a boom that
echoed through the silence. He glanced at the Englishman, the Chinese man, the
sheikh with cunning eyes, the Taureg. He glanced over that sea of faces and
pounded his gavel down on the lectern.
‘Sold.’
The men in the clearing in the last light of day cheered and they weren’t
cheering for me. They were cheering for my owner.
Ali-Sayad approached the platform and gave the man who had bought me my
clothes wrapped in the turban. The man tucked the bundle under his arm and the
two men bowed in a way that would have been oddly moving had my situation
been different.
I followed my new master, eyes glazed. I tried to keep my back straight, proud
like the Massai, and I wondered how my life would have been had the Chinese
man bought me and I’d left with the twins. I was relieved not to have been sold
to the man with the leopard eyes. Whatever indignity awaited me, it would have
been far worse had the tool of my torment reminded me of Daddy.
We were joined by the other man in the white suit as we moved through the

circle of tents. I thought we were going back to the river, but they turned in the
opposite direction. We crossed the dust to the airstrip where the pilot and copilot were starting the Cessna. We climbed aboard. I was told in perfect English
to dress. I strapped myself into the safety harness and the plane took off into the
dark sky.
We flew at low altitude due south over Burkina Faso and Benin towards
Lagos on the coast of Nigeria. The pilot never spoke to air traffic control, but the
two men talked, their language drifting in and out of English. I didn’t speak to
them and they didn’t speak to me. It was as if we had made a pact and I thought
the less said the easier it would be for me to keep my wits about me. I was going
to be raped, tortured, they would break my will and I would comply to their
every demand, to every man’s sadistic invention.
The terror gripping my mind was so exhausting I slept and the sun had already
risen when I opened my eyes. The dry desert plains had turned into bush and
jungle. As the plane banked, I could see out of the window the green landscape
vanishing below a tide of cement and glass, the tall buildings owned by bank and
oil companies surrounded by mile after mile of slums, the biggest city I had ever
seen.
We landed, bouncing over the ribbed surface of the runway. A Mercedes was
waiting. I sat in the back with one of the men, the other climbed in the front and
the driver took off, the sun beating on the black metal outside, the air
conditioning whispering over my bare feet.
We crossed a bridge, it was miles long, endlessly long. I thought about leaping
from the car, swimming back to Lagos, but we were going too fast and the
automatic locks had been engaged.
Beside the highway the land was flat, the bush dotted with gnarled trees like
bent spirits fleeing from the city. Time did its thing and passed.
‘What month is it?’ I asked.
The two men seemed surprised that I had a tongue.
‘October,’ one of them replied.
‘October?’
‘The twenty-fifth.’
Three months had passed since I left the beach. It was a time as short as it is
long and, again, I got the feeling that measuring time by the movement of the
clock and the motions of the universe was spurious. Twenty minutes waiting for
the Tube and a night with Samir were both forms of eternity.
The highway narrowed and we turned on to a track overhung with mature
palms, thorn trees, trees laced with creepers and beards of twisted vine. We
turned again and reached a clearing where a cement single-storey building stood

surrounded by high walls and iron gates.
The driver parked. There were several luxury cars, a swimming pool with
leaves floating on the surface. The building was like a fortress with grilles over
the windows and double doors where a man sat nursing a rifle. Although
unadorned outside, inside it was as lavish as any ambassador’s residence I had
ever seen.
From the marble hallway I passed into a living-room with mahogany floors
and leather sofas, wood sculptures, animal skin rugs, a huge chandelier below a
ceiling with fleur-de-lis cornices. There were a dozen men, most in white. They
were speaking English and stopped when I entered. They looked me up and
down, not with lust, quite the opposite, more as the family Capulet may have
viewed a Montague entering the fold.
‘Please,’ I said. ‘There has been some mistake.’
‘You do not speak,’ said a tall man with a neat beard.
‘I’m not a prostitute,’ I countered.
The man frowned. ‘Indeed,’ he said. ‘Now, please do as you are told.’
‘I will not,’ I returned.
He smiled, more bemused than angry.
‘She’s as stubborn as a goat,’ another man said.
The bearded man threw up his shoulders. ‘You know what happens to goats,’
he replied.
The others all roared with laughter and it was their laughter more than their
condescension that made my eyes prickle with tears.
‘I’m English,’ I shouted. ‘My father’s a diplomat. There’s been a terrible
mistake.’
The bearded man did not respond except in his expression I caught a hint of
disdain.
I’m English. My father’s a diplomat. I’m important. I’m white.
Was this what he heard? Was that what I meant?
‘Please,’ I said again.
He ran the tip of his finger over the spot below my bottom lip and down the
curve of my throat. He then took my arm and, with the two men who had
brought me from Mali following, I was hurried along a corridor to another room
where I was locked inside.
The room was spotless, white marble walls and a marble floor, a squat-style
lavatory and a wide sink with a single brass tap. It was like a surgery, the feeling
enhanced by what appeared to be a massage table with straps hanging from
either end, the only item of furniture.
I patrolled the four walls. I watched the sky through the narrow window turn

orange, green and purple. I tried to think about Samir but, as I lay on the table
staring at the shadows on the ceiling, what came to mind was my school in Kent,
hockey matches, the old-fashioned uniforms, the silvery glow of the light in the
chapel, a time all the more pleasing when seen through the prism of a teary
memory. I was aware how lucky I had been. While I lacked for nothing, most
people struggled to have decent lives, in England, more so in Africa. Even my
running off into the unknown was the escape of privilege.
At least in the desert I had learned to while away the hours. I slept. I woke.
The sun rose and I waited. I know a whole day must have gone by because I was
starving and felt an enormous sense of gratitude when one of the men brought
me some bananas, nuts and a bottle of water. Shortly after I had eaten, the door
unlocked once more and several men in white suits entered with a much older
man who walked with a cane. He wore big sandals, a loin cloth and shawl like a
mystic.
He spoke to the bearded man. He addressed him as Thomas, and he translated.
‘Take off your clothes,’ he said, and I did so because I had learned that it’s not
worth making a fuss.
Leaning on his cane, the old man ran his free hand over my body like a blind
person, feeling my breasts, my waist, my hipbones and thighs. He ran his finger
from my chin down the tattoo and, when he looked up again into my eyes, he
seemed puzzled and said something I didn’t understand. There was nothing lewd
in his examination. The marble room with the table and straps made it seem
more medical than sexual.
He spoke again and two of the men held my arms. The old man continued and
Thomas translated.
‘Are you a virgin?’ he asked.
I didn’t know what to say. I shrugged. My cheeks reddened. ‘Not exactly,’ I
answered.
The two men holding me tightened their grip and the old man plunged his
hand between my legs and deep into my vagina. I gasped and I was just as
shocked as the man when he removed his fingers coated in blood. He turned
away, frustrated, irritated, I wasn’t sure, and the men all filed out of the room
with bowed heads, one of them taking my clothes.
That same man came back with sanitary towels, hand towels and soap. For the
next four or five days I remained alone in that room like a prisoner on death row.
Food was brought to me without a word. I was cold at night and hot by day. I
had not had a period for a long time. I’d even begun to wonder if I were pregnant
and half hoped that I was.
I tried hammering on the door, but it was pointless. I cried. I grieved for a life

that was gone. At first I did exercises, stretches, yoga, handstands, but weeping
was a better way to pass my time. I knew, I sort of knew, what was going to
happen but it was too bizarre to contemplate. I dwelled instead on happy times in
the red fort with Samir and Maysoon. I nursed the St Christopher and tried
without success to pray. I remembered my round belly. It had gone. I had grown
as thin as a leaf.
Finally the old man returned. My period had passed. I was clean and the table
in that room was put to the use for which it had been designed. I didn’t struggle
when they laid me along its length and tightened the buckles on the four straps
occupying the four corners, pinning down my arms and legs.
One of the men was carrying a white ceramic bowl which he placed on the
counter beside the sink. The old man carried a woven bag and from it he
unpacked some smaller bowls, a pair of scissors with big rounded handles and
what turned out to be a cut-throat razor of the sort barbers use.
As the old man opened the blade, I shook so much the other men had to hold
the table so that it didn’t topple over. He was going to cut my throat, bleed me
like a goat before roasting me on the barbeque. I was going to be eaten. Tears
flooded my cheeks. I closed my eyes and opened them again when the old man
spoke.
‘Keep still,’ Thomas translated. ‘He’s not going to hurt you.’
The old man had put the razor down and picked up the scissors. He now cut
off my sun-bleached locks, hacking at the curls and letting them fall to the floor.
He worked quickly and soon I was shorn. The men removed the straps from my
ankles. I drew my feet back and, as the old man trimmed my pubic hair, I
remembered the women preparing me for the blue tattoo and it felt at that
moment that everything is linked, that just as there was a thread running down
my body, there was a thread running through my life, and that if we can just
close our eyes and see that thread we will know who we are.
The old man made a lather with soap and warm water from the large bowl. He
shaved my head. He ran the blade down my legs and shaved the stubble from my
pubic mount. The spider emerged, hanging from the thread, and the men leaned
closer, watching open-mouthed as the creature stretched its legs. In Mauritania,
that spider may have been a warning, a reminder that I belonged to someone, but
here in the backwoods of Nigeria it was merely a curiosity, the customs of one
tribe meaningless to the next.
The patriarch used a sponge to wash my head and between my legs. He
seemed pleased with his ministrations and looked at me as a wood carver may
look at the trunk of a tree. They buckled my legs, left the room, and there I lay
watching the light change. I was more naked than I had ever been before, as

smooth as a baby, a born-again virgin.
They came back for me at twilight. The old man had abandoned his cane and
was dressed in a long white gown embroidered with moons and stars. He seemed
taller, his face hidden by an elongated mask carved in the form of a firebird with
a pointed beak and bloody lips. Through the mask’s eye slits, fanned with flames
of red and yellow, his eyes seemed misty and primitive.
All but one of the other men were masked, bare-chested and wore white loin
cloths. The remaining man was naked and shaved of all body hair. He had slit
eyes like a toad. He was tall, muscular, and his large cock bobbed between his
legs like a nocturnal creature moving to the rhythm of the single drum one of the
men played. The others carried twisted sticks decorated with feathers, bones and
strings of glass beads they rattled as they moved like a wave towards me and
back again in a rolling motion. They chanted and wailed. They drank from the
earthenware jug they passed from hand to hand. Like the old man, they seemed
stoned.
It was Thomas and the naked man who released the straps that held me. I
swung my legs to the floor and, using the sticks to tap my shoulders and the
backs of my legs, they danced around me as I was herded from the room, down
the corridor and out of the building through a back entrance that led to a narrow
gate.
We moved away from the compound on a jungle path soft with leaves
underfoot. The drummer beat faster. The men kept passing the jug, their
movements became more exaggerated, their voices melodious, mesmerizing. We
reached a clearing lit by a ring of seven smouldering fires. They added fresh logs
and the sparks ran through the air like red sprites lighting the circle of trees
where human skulls appeared like pale lanterns in the branches and the long
fronds of creepers hung over me like the stretched hands of ghosts.
My knees weakened. I was about to fall. The naked man steadied me and kept
a grip on my arm. I kept going, one step at a time to meet my fate. The trunk of a
dead tree with the topside carved flat had been placed at the centre of the
clearing. It could have been an altar in church and I recalled when Sister Agnes
led prayers I had always thought how silly it was, how if Our Father Who Art in
Heaven really cared for his children he would have sent plagues and boils and
painful deaths to all the dictators and murderers and evildoers in the world.
I was lifted and laid on the altar. The sticks rattled, the sound like hissing
serpents. The voices deepened as if the chant had new significance. I had lost the
will to do anything but observe myself from outside myself. They stroked my
limbs, as if to calm me. There was no aggression, no violence. I was a precious
object, a lamb, a calf, an innocent.

Some of the men had abandoned their voodoo sticks. They continued to stroke
me as their witchdoctor poured a pungent smelling oil over my body from my
shaved head to my dusty feet. They worked the oil into my skin, turning me over
as you baste a plucked chicken. Still the drummer beat louder. The voices turned
from a chant to a wail. More logs were heaped on the fires and the flames sent
hideous shadows marching through the trees.
The men who had abandoned their sticks held me tightly. The witchdoctor
produced a knife with a long thin blade and a carved handle which he gave to the
naked man. The witchdoctor took my right hand, the hand holding the St
Christopher. He pulled my fingers back. I tried to resist and gasped forlornly
when my fingers opened and the medallion slipped to the floor.
The witchdoctor danced up and down, screaming at the moon rising over the
trees. He then grabbed the St Christopher and ceremoniously dropped it in the
fire blazing at my feet. My journey was over. He looked back at me, the eyes in
the bird mask more terrifying. He grabbed my hand and straightened my fingers.
The others chanted and rattled their sticks as the naked man leaned over me with
the knife and slit my wrist. A spasm ran through my body. I was sweating but
felt cold. I wriggled and the blood gushed over my fingers into the calabash one
of the men was holding.
I grew weaker as the blood drained from me. I was on the point of passing out
when the witchdoctor seared the wound with a burning unction. The man with
the earthenware jug added some drops from the brew they had been drinking to
the blood and they sipped the concoction, passing the calabash from hand to
hand.
The moon’s light had grown brighter, picking out the carvings on their devil
masks. The witchdoctor used his fingers to make circles in the oil around my
breasts, my heart and the lips of my vagina. I was dazed but could still
understand how simple people believed that in these rites they were calling upon
some power beyond themselves. I could understand why girls might feel
fortunate to have been chosen as offerings and why a virgin gave the ritual a
sense of purity and significance.
The chant became a single continuous note. The naked man, his cock erect
now, like a knife, raised the blade, it glinted above me, he cupped my left breast
and, as he leaned forward, the shadows above went out of shape. I heard the rush
of people moving through the bush. As the man began to run the knife below my
breast, cutting the skin, marking his line, his arm was jerked away and he
screamed in agony as the butt of a rifle struck his jaw.
Samir appeared. I thought it was a hallucination. The witchdoctor grabbed for
the knife the naked man had dropped but he, too, was clubbed to the ground, this

time by Azar, his eyes like live coals below his filthy red turban. I heard the
familiar sound of Umah’s bracelets rattling on his wrists. He scooped me into his
arms and with Samir on one side and Azar on the other, they strode through the
clearing using their Kalashnikovs as cudgels and clearing the way.
They circled the house. The men in masks followed like demons rattling their
voodoo sticks. The twin beams of a vehicle lit the undergrowth as it came
towards us. It skidded to a halt. The doors swung open. Umah laid me in the
back, Samir climbed in and wrapped me in a blanket. Umah sat in the centre at
the front beside Mohammed. Azar let off a volley of shots in the air before
climbing in beside him.
Mo put his foot down. We bumped and swerved over the track to the highway,
over the long bridge, and we reached Samir’s hotel in the Arab quarter in Lagos
as the sun rose over the sea, the jungle, the glass buildings and brown brick
slums.

Afterword
SO, MY STORY ENDS..
In the coming days I was given a new passport by the chargé d’affaires at the
British Consulate. He didn’t doubt who I was. There had been a massive search
for the missing diplomat’s daughter. Anyway, he knew Daddy. They all know
each other.
I spoke to Mummy on the phone. No, I didn’t want her to come and get me. I
would fly home alone.
Samir had escaped the day after his father had sent me to the slave market.
With his loyal crew, he followed my route, hiring small planes and cars, always
one day behind. They reached Timbuktu the day after the auction and arrived in
Lagos a day after me.
It had taken Samir those five days and a king’s ransom to learn through a web
of petrified but greedy informers that I had been acquired by aristos; not
primitive tribesmen, but men of power, politicians, lawmakers, oil lords. The
blood ritual is an initiation into their ranks, a guarantee that, as accomplices in
murder, they will protect the other members and themselves be protected. It is a
cabal, a mafia. Vote rigging. The way power works behind third-world
democracy, primitive and unbreakable.
The aristos take prostitutes from the streets for their human sacrifices. Why
exactly I had been brought from Mali to play this role I do not know. But I did
learn that the ceremony in the bush beyond the Third Mainland Bridge, the
longest bridge in Africa, had taken place on All Soul’s Night; the one time in the
year when, they believe, the portals between the living and dead open, the most
important date on the Pagan Calendar, the time to give the devil what he really
wants.
The scar below my left breast will remind me always that my lover had
arrived in the nick of time. He had defied his father. He had taken his treasury in
gold bars and it was just too sad that we would not be together. He would return
home to the red fort. He would be punished, as would Mo, Azar and Umah; it
was the way of the tribe and they would accept it. If I were to return with Samir,
his father would have had me killed.

I remembered dreaming once that I was walking through Knightsbridge with
Samir and lots of children. It was only a dream. His first loyalty was to the
family and the extended family, to Maysoon, his men, to his labour delivering
weary boat people to the frontiers of Europe. One day, his father would die and
he would become the Emir.
The incredible thing about love is that it happens at all. It appears. It endures. I
will wait.
I kissed Mo, Azar and Umah on their cheeks. Fascinating for the people on the
airport concourse; a bald, tattooed white girl in a white kaftan kissing these
scruffy Arabs she had come to love and had come to believe they loved her, too,
each in their own way.
My sheikh came to the gate. He bowed. He touched his heart. Tears coursed
over my cheeks.
‘Habibi,’ he said.
‘Come with me,’ I implored.
‘I cannot.’ He clenched his fist and held it against his heart. ‘You are here.’
‘I will wait, Samir.’
We turned away. I didn’t look back and I’m sure Samir didn’t look back,
either. We had said our goodbyes in the big bed at the Arab hotel. We had made
love as if there were no tomorrow and for some that will be true, for us all, in our
own time.
I entered a long tunnel that whispered and listened as if for a message from
the future.
At home in Fulham I swim every day. There were journalists at my door for a
few weeks but, with the wisdom of the East, I never said a word and without a
word being said the story of my being lost and found went away.
I run the razor over my mount every morning. Slowly a bonnet of baby curls
covered my bald head. Bobby wears my clothes and the spider gorges on his
pretty pink cock. At Christmas we are going to the famous costume party in
Chelsea. I shall dress as an Arab sheikh. Bobby will finally take Roberta out into
the world. Progress. Change. I am trying to move on and wonder, just wonder,
when summer comes and the sky is blue if I might take my holiday where
Columbus restocked his ships before sailing into the unknown.

Xcite Books help make loving better with a wide range of erotic books, eBooks,
adult products and dating sites.
www.xcitebooks.com

Sign-up to our Facebook page for special offers and free gifts!

Table of Contents
Title Page
Copyright
Contents
One The Island
Two The Boat
Three Escape
Four Arabian Nights
Five South of Nowhere
Six Mauritania
Seven Caravanserai
Eight The Dancer
Nine The Harem
Ten The Emir
Eleven The Sahara
Twelve Scheherazade
Afterword
Backmatter Page
Bound By Honor
An Erotic Novel of Maid Marian

Colette Gale
PROLOGUE
“Are you not the Sheriff of Nottinghamshire?” Prince John said in that lazy way of his.
It was not a question; he knew full well to whom he was speaking. His eyes were darker
than ever in the dimness of his private chamber, but they were hooded with heavy
satisfaction. “Methinks there‟s none who knows the king‟s Forest of Sherwood as well as
you.” He stretched his broad shoulders, and gave a little, almost effeminate shudder.
“Indeed, my lord, I am quite familiar with the forest,” replied Sir William de Wendeval,
keeping his voice even and his attention from the generous breasts of the serving wench
who was . . . serving . . . the prince at the moment, and had no doubt caused his shiver of
pleasure.
Her lips were red and swollen, her jaw stretched wide as she accommodated her liege‟s
well-used cock. Large breasts hung and swayed with each movement, her nipples
threatening to brush the floor. She was breathing hard from exertion, her face red and
glistening with sweat.
Prince John, who was lording his royal self about his brother Richard‟s country while the
king was off fighting Saladin in the Holy Lands, had taken over the ladies‟ solar in
Ludlow Keep for his own private chamber. His Court of Pleasure, as he called it.
Will was grateful for his choice of the room, for it was large and had two massive
fireplaces and several narrow slits that allowed fresh air to come in—a welcome treat on
nights like this, when the chamber was thick with the smell of sex and sweat and heat.
“Then . . .” John gasped, stilled, then grabbed the head of the doxy going down on him
and jammed his cock deep into the back of her throat. Pleasure narrowed his eyes and
thinned his generous lips as the girl coughed and choked and struggled beneath his hands.
John released her suddenly and she fell back onto the floor. Her tangled hair caught under
her hands as she collapsed, gasping for breath. From where he stood, Will eyed her
critically. She‟d live.
Unlike the girl last week, who‟d been a casualty of one of John‟s experiments that
included bondage and a heavy hood.
Will transferred his attention back to the prince, keeping his face devoid of emotion. He

enjoyed fucking as much as any man, and in many ways, and the more the merrier—but
some of John‟s proclivities weren‟t to his taste. And, at the least, unlike this pitiful
wench, he had some choice in the matter.
So far.
“. . . ‟tis inconceivable that you have not yet caught Robin of the Hood!” John continued
his sentence as though he‟d not stopped to spew his seed, wipe his cock, and then shove it
back into his braies—all the while leaving Will, whom he‟d summoned from his bed well
past midnight, standing there. “He and his band of outlaws have poached from the king,
stolen from the tax collector, and they continue to run rampant through the shire.”
Will‟s face tightened. He bowed to his liege. “ ‟ Tis a matter of great annoyance to me as
well, my lord. Robin Hood has been able to remain a bare step ahead of my men thus far .
. . but ‟twill not be long before we capture him. His luck cannot last forever.”
John shifted on his seat, which happened to be a massive wooden chair piled high with
cushions and furs. He‟d removed his jewel-encrusted tunic some time ago, and now wore
only an undertunic, braies, and soft calf slippers. A goblet of wine sat next to him on a
small table, and he lifted it to drink furiously as though he—not the serving wench—had
labored for his pleasure.
Will cast a glance around the room. The window slits were uncovered by heavy tapestries
this summer night, and a beam of moonlight shone in through the westward side.
The side that faced Sherwood Forest, where the outlaw Robin of the Hood had famously
eluded the fearsome Sheriff of Nottinghamshire for nearly a year.
A miracle that the prince hadn‟t come to investigate before now, since his pocket had
become quite a bit lighter since Robin had taken to stealing from traveling lords and
ladies.
John, of course, collected taxes from the English people in the name of his brother,
Richard, called the Lionheart, who had left him as regent while on Crusade. Well, to be
more precise . . . he‟d first left William Longchamp, that humpbacked dwarf, as
England‟s justiciar and chancellor—completely in charge of the treasury and in control of
the country. That was until John, with the support of the powerful nobility, had removed
the power-hungry man and sent him scuttling out of England.
Now, flush with the surge of power obtained by the overturning of Longchamp, John
plotted to seize even more control. But in a much stealthier manner. Thus, while he acted
in the name of the king, a goodly portion of the king‟s tax money meant to fund
Richard‟s war had been lining John‟s pockets, and anything that the outlaw Robin Hood
made away with was a direct cut to the prince‟s coffers.
“Robin Hood‟s luck had best change sooner rather than the later,” John grumbled. He
cast his attention around the luxurious chamber and his eyes fell on another of the
wenches he had collected for this night‟s entertainment.
Her eyes goggled and Will saw her breasts—barely covered by a thin shift—rise and fall
as though she were running. But she dared not move from where she sat on her haunches,
either to hide or attempt escape.
John, who was considered a rather handsome man, with his dark hair and well-trimmed
beard and mustache, smacked his full lips and gulped again from his goblet, but did not

call the girl to him. Perhaps he was sated for the time. Will hoped that was the case, for
he had little interest in watching his liege, especially when his jaw was as lief to crack
with a wide yawn. A long day it had been, patrolling the Forest of Sherwood, on the hunt
for outlaws like Robin Hood.
“Bitches,” John said, slamming the heavy goblet down. He glowered at the frightened
girl. “They stink and scuttle in fear the moment someone looks at them. ‟Tis a blessing
that Isabella will leave for Westminster in two days. Then we shall have a much more
interesting variety to sample.”
Isobel of Gloucester was John‟s wife, and it was well-known among the prince‟s
confidants that she demanded at least the pretense of fidelity while she was in residence
with him. That simply meant that her husband refrained from tupping any of her ladiesin-waiting, or the wives and daughters of his vassals, while Isobel was about.
But upon her removal from the prince‟s residence, the ladies became the same fair game
as the does John hunted during the day . . . whether they wished to be or not. And when
John‟s two other bosom companions, Sir Louis Krench and Lord Ralf Stannoch, were
also in attendance . . . well, Will thought ‟twas rarely a pretty sight.
“Indeed, my lord.” Will bowed, then attempted to divert the king back to the reason he‟d
rousted him from bed so late at night. “Did you have some news for me, my lord?”
“Ah, yes. But of course.” John plucked a piece of cheese from his mother‟s homeland of
Aquitaine and slipped it into his mouth, brushing tiny crumbs of bread from his neat
beard. “I received word earlier today that Lady Marian of Morlaix shall arrive here at
Ludlow Keep sometime in the next sennight. As she‟s returning from her dead husband‟s
lands as a ward of the king, it is expected that her baggage will be extensive. A perfect
opportunity for Robin Hood to make an attempt to ambush her carriage. And of course,
the Sheriff of Nottinghamshire shall be waiting to thwart such an attempt, and to save the
fair maiden.”
“Indeed,” Will replied a trifle later than he should have. His brain had turned sluggish as
soon as her name passed the prince‟s lips.
Marian was returning.
Lady Marian, she was now. No longer the maiden he and Robin of Locksley had known
during their childhood when they‟d been fostered with Marian‟s father. How wealthy she
had become, and how far Robin had fallen—from the young landed lord to an
anonymous outlaw resigned to hiding out in the forest. Yet, Will had recognized him the
first time they‟d come face-to-face during an aborted robbery.
Marian‟s father, Lord Leaford, was a baron well-known for his skill in training young
boys to be knights, and until his death, he had been popular among the lower ranks of
nobles who could not afford to send their boys to a more powerful lord for fostering.
Yet, it was the baron‟s daughter Will remembered best. The tart-tongued, quick-witted,
coppery-haired girl who‟d ridden circles around both him and Robin, teasing and
pestering and laughing at them with her sparkling green eyes. Now she was no longer a
girl of twelve, but a woman grown and widowed, a rich heiress . . . and returning to
Nottinghamshire.
A woman who had haunted him ever since their youth.

A ripe target for Robin Hood, indeed.
And, Will realized, with a glance at the handsome, lascivious prince . . . a ripe target for
John Lackland, who would be fascinated by any new woman at court. But especially one
as fiery and bold as Marian.
By all that was holy, what was he to do?

CHAPTER 1
L ady Marian of Morlaix peered through the shuttered windows of her traveling wagon,
but to her annoyance could see little of interest. The tall, close trees of Sherwood Forest
allowed only dappled sunlight through on a bright day, but when there were clouds and
rain threatening as now, the woods were as dark as night. The smell of loam and damp
bark was thick in the air.
‟Twas ripe for an ambush from a band of thieves, and she was glad of the six sturdy menat-arms who accompanied her small caravan. They would have reached Ludlow Keep by
vespers, but a broken wheel on her wagon had delayed them. If it had been one of the
other wagons, with her clothing and belongings, she would have gone on ahead and
allowed them to follow. But, alas, hers was the only wagon fit for a lady to ride in—
although she would just as easily have ridden asaddle. Her longbow and arrows had been
packed deep inside a trunk of clothing, but she had a dagger handy.
If the tales were true about the band of thieves led by a man called Robin of the Hood,
she might very well need that blade. Even in Normandy, Marian had heard stories of the
outlaw who stole boldly from rich travelers and then distributed the wealth among the
villeins and townspeople—likely after keeping a good portion for himself.
And the Sheriff of Nottinghamshire, who was rumored to be just as blackhearted and
brutal as Prince John, his bosom companion, had been unable to lay his hands on the
band of outlaws or its leader. A rich caravan with the niceties of the widow of the rich
Lord Harold of Morlaix would likely prove too much of a temptation for them. But there
was no help for it, for the road to Ludlow ran through the king‟s Sherwood Forest.
It was hard for Marian to believe how much her homeland had changed since her father
died—King Henry was now gone, and the new king, Richard, had hardly taken the crown
when he left on Crusade. His mother, Queen Eleanor, had been traveling with him to the
Holy Land, but was now making her way back to neglected England.
Upon her father‟s death, Marian and her mother had been sent from the small barony of
Leaford to live in Normandy, where her mother had remarried. After the old king died,
Eleanor had been released from prison and reassembled her own court. As the daughter
of a man who‟d been faithful to his liege, Marian had been sent to the dowager queen‟s
court, where she‟d become a trusted favorite of the queen. There she remained until she

was wed to the much-older Harold three years ago.
With her husband‟s death only six months past, she acquired a portion of his estates.
Thus, at the age of twenty, Marian had become a wealthy woman whose marriage could
be used for political alliance. Five months ago, the king had ordered her to the queen‟s
holdings in Aquitaine to await the queen‟s imminent return from the Holy Land . . . and a
decision about a future husband.
Now that Eleanor had been back in Aquitaine for some months and renewed her
friendship with Marian, she‟d had her own purposes for sending Marian on to her
younger son‟s court: to spy on her son in advance of the queen‟s own arrival.
Marian had heard rumors of what John Lackland‟s court was like, and they had left her
wondering whether she had more to fear in the forest or at her destination.
No sooner had she those thoughts than the wagon lurched to a halt.
“What ho!” came a shout from Bruse, her master-at-arms.
Marian sat up, ignoring the stifled shriek of her maid, who‟d done nothing but hold her
prayer beads and move her lips soundlessly during the entire journey. Her heart
pounding, she looked out the window again just as a loud thump came on the roof above
her, followed by a second and third. Ethelberga, the maid, gave a full-blooded shriek and
dived to the floor, screeching in English about how they would all be dead in mere
moments.
Marian forbore to point out that it was unlikely anyone would be killed, even as she
pulled the dagger from her sheath. The thieves would merely want to relieve her of her
valuables, and, in the very worst-case scenario, take Marian off for ransom. She hadn‟t
heard of this Robin Hood killing anyone, and in any case a thief wouldn‟t be foolish
enough to harm a gentle-born woman. Although, she thought, looking wryly at
Ethelberga, mayhap they might be induced to put the lady‟s maid out of her misery if she
didn‟t stop wailing.
The thump on the roof turned to low, rhythmic thuds as the person—or persons—moved
about up there.
“Stand off!” came another shout, followed by a sharp whiz that she recognized as an
arrow‟s flight. A soft twang followed as it embedded itself in a target close enough for
her to hear it.
Marian couldn‟t see what was happening, but she suspected she knew. The thieves had
surrounded the two carts and now held the men-at-arms from moving. Most likely, they
were holding them off with arrows nocked into their bows, ready to fly at any moment.
The one she‟d heard had probably been an accurately charged warning shot.
At least two of the thieves had landed on her roof, likely jumping down from a tree. But
surely six chain-mailed men would be enough of a deterrent for a ragtag band of thieves,
unless they were particularly good archers. The shouts had settled into silence, and
despite her certainty that she wouldn‟t be harmed, Marian‟s heart pounded in her chest.
Before she could move to the other side of the cart, making her way over the prone
Ethelberga, the vehicle began to rock violently. Ethelberga screamed anew, clutching at
the hem of Marian‟s undertunic, tangling herself among the floor-length skirt and her
legs.

With the rocking of the cart, and her maid‟s histrionics, Marian lost her balance in the
small space and had to catch herself against the closed door. But at that moment, the door
opened, and she tumbled out, the dagger slipping from her grip. Strong arms caught her
awkward fall, and the knife landed on the ground between two dusty boots.
“Well, now,” said a surprised voice. “This must be the famous Lady Marian come to
greet Robin of the Hood and his merry men.” His arms tightened around her. “You are
well come to our Sherwood, my lady,” he added.
In the midst of the furor, Marian heard the rumble of laughter from the surrounding men,
and she turned to look at who had the effrontery to hold her in his arms as though she
belonged there. Her angry words died in her throat as she met familiar blue eyes,
sparkling with mischief and jest. Despite the beard and mustache that covered half of his
face, she recognized him.
“Robin—!” she began, but before she could speak his complete name, he covered her
mouth with an impudent kiss.
After not seeing him for so many years, she couldn‟t have been more surprised by the
kiss. Although she‟d always been attracted to him, his charming personality and
handsome appearance in the past, he‟d done little more than tease her into a fury. He
certainly had never tried to kiss her.
By the time Marian had caught her breath and freed herself from the man she‟d known as
Robin of Locksley—not Robin of the Hood—he had swept her up and run into the woods
with her. A moment later, he thrust her up onto the saddle of a horse, and Robin vaulted
up behind her before she could untangle her legs from her skirts and slip back to the
ground.
The outraged roars from Bruse and the responding threats from the band of thieves faded
as Robin kicked his horse into a gallop, crashing through the brush with his captive.
Branches slashed across her face and caught at her veil, pulling it half off, as they dashed
through the forest.
“Robin! What are you doing? Are you mad? It is you, isn‟t it?” Marian hardly knew what
to think. The last she had heard from the young man who‟d fostered at her childhood
home, Mead‟s Vale, was that he‟d gone on Crusade with the newly coronated King
Richard.
“Aye, indeed, Lady Marian,” he said, stressing her title a bit. “I thought it would be a
fitting welcome to you as you journeyed to that blackhearted cocklicker‟s court.”
“Robin,” she gasped, all the air jolted from her lungs as they galloped through the woods.
“What are you talking about?”
Suddenly, he wheeled the horse into a small clearing and slid down from the saddle.
Looking up at her, he gave her the slow, easy grin she remembered from their youth, and
rested his hands at her hips as though to help her down. But he didn‟t; instead, he curled
his fingers firmly into her flesh and then slid all along the sides, from thigh to knee. Little
bumps rose on her skin, tingling at his intimate touch.
“And little Marian is all grown up now, into a beautiful, rich lady. I am honored that you
should remember me after all these years.” His eyes sparkled with naughtiness, and the
next thing she knew, he pulled her down from the saddle, sliding her body all along his.

All along his, so that she felt every bump and crease of the mail hauberk he wore. And
something that most certainly felt like the beginning lift of a cock. “You‟ve grown quite
beautiful.”
“Robin,” she said, truly happy to see him. She‟d always favored him, always found him
irresistible. With his easy personality, bright eyes, and handsome face, it would have
been difficult to feel otherwise. “What are you about?” she asked again, aware of his
thighs pressed against hers, her slippers captured between his heavy boots. And, most
definitely, the growing bulge of his cock. Her hand didn‟t have anywhere to go but flat
against his chest. “Are you truly an outlaw?”
“An outlaw of great repute,” he said, his lips curling. “Have you not heard of Robin Hood
and his band of men who make merry with the king‟s coin? I thought for certain tales of
our waywardness had reached the court‟s ears by now. Alas, mayhap I shall try harder,
take more risks . . . be more daring!”
His face swooped toward hers, covering her mouth with his for the second time in a
matter of minutes. Before she could react, his tongue slid into her mouth, licking in and
around and tangling with her own.
Marian allowed the sleek kiss this time, even kissed him back for a moment, surprised at
how much she enjoyed it. As much as she might have admired him as a young boy, she
never imagined that actually kissing him would be this exciting. Kisses and coupling with
her husband had been little more than duty, and, thankfully, of short duration—not only
in each time he‟d come to her bed, but also in the number of years in which they‟d
occurred. She‟d been married for only three summers before Harold died of a fall during
a boar hunt.
Robin‟s arms tightened around her waist and his tongue thrust deep as she came flush
against his body. His lips were soft, but there were other areas of his body that were hard
and insistent, drawing another unfamiliar response from Marian. She felt a heightened
awareness, and a low, twisting sort of tickle deep in her belly.
After a moment, he pulled back a bit, kissing her and smiling into her mouth as she
opened her eyes. “Not so bad, was it, now, Lady Marian?” he said lightly. “Your veil is
slipping too, sweetling,” he added, giving it a good tug off the back of her head.
“Robin,” she said, pulling the veil back up to cover her braided hair and trying to act as
though she kissed men in the forest all the time, “tell me what has come of you. Why are
you here, in the woods, instead of at Locksley Keep?”
Now the humor slid from his face to be replaced by an irritable expression. “ ‟Twas all a
mistake, and now here I am, running for my life. I never made it to the Holy Lands with
the king,” he confessed. “We were set upon by bandits when we put ashore in Greece,
and I took an arrow to the thigh. Fever set in and I could not travel, though I was not
deadly. The king wanted to make haste, and continued on. And I had no choice but to
return to England. And to Locksley . . . I thought.”
“You thought?”
He shrugged, stepping back, and she saw that though he stood only a hand or so taller
than she, his shoulders had broadened quite a bit from the last time she‟d seen him. He‟d
been fourteen, and she had been only twelve. His hair had darkened with maturity to

brown-streaked honey, and he wore it cut short across his forehead and long over his
ears. “When I returned, it was to find Locksley having been entailed to the king—through
the prince, of course—on the claim of treason.”
“Treason!”
“It‟s a lie, of course, Marian. Just another way for John Lackland to seize as much control
as he can whilst his brother is fighting the infidels in Jerusalem. He has raised taxes and
raised them more, and he skims more than his share off the top.”
Marian had heard about Prince John‟s propensity for sly coin . . . among other things.
After the overthrow of the unpopular William Longchamp, King Richard had allowed his
brother, John, to act as regent of England while he was out of the country.
Eleanor had also left England to go on Crusade with Richard, but word had reached her
that John was conspiring with King Philip Augustus of France. John had been old King
Henry‟s favorite son, but that hadn‟t stopped him from plotting against his father. Eleanor
did not doubt for a minute that he was now conspiring against his older brother, Richard.
Even at the cost of the family lands in Normandy—what Philip would certainly require as
payment for his complicity—it would be worth it to John to get permanent control of
England. Yet, the queen must first attend to business in her native Aquitaine. The delay
would enable Marian to act as her own secret eyes and ears, and to report back to her
about any possibility that John was communicating with Philip.
“But it is the king who raises the taxes, to pay for his war,” she reminded Robin, trying to
keep the bitterness from her voice. She had no liking for the Crusade. It had taken many
of the young men away from England, including her own brother, Walter. He hadn‟t
returned from the Holy Land, for he‟d been buried there.
“And then John raises them that much higher, so as to line his own pockets.”
“But how did you come to be an outlaw? How could they take Locksley from you while
you were away fighting at the king‟s side?”
Robin looked distinctly uncomfortable. “As I said, ‟twas a mistake. I returned to find
Locksley closed to me, and then I went hunting in the woods—my woods—for a meal.
Then I was arrested for poaching from the king‟s forest.”
Poaching from the king was indeed a serious offense—punishable by hanging, gouging
of the eyes, or cutting off of the hands. “But surely once the mistake was found, you were
released. Even the cruel Sheriff of Nottinghamshire could not keep an innocent man of
the king‟s in prison.”
Robin laughed. “Released? Nay, Marian, I made my own escape from the sheriff.”
At that moment, a deep voice interrupted their conversation. “Did you indeed?”
Marian whirled to see a powerful black horse standing at the edge of the clearing. Atop it
sat an equally powerful-looking man, dressed in equally dark clothing, holding a sword at
his side. She stepped back automatically, but he inclined his head regally to her.
“Lady Marian.” He urged his horse into the grassy clearing.
Robin released her, fairly shoving her away so that she stumbled with the force as he
moved quickly away from her, gathering up his reins. “Ah, so to speak of the devil
himself,” he said, launching into his saddle. “Sheriff.” He nodded. “I trust you‟ll see my
lady to the keep.”

These last words floated back behind him as he bolted off into the wood, leaving Marian
standing in the center of the grass, suddenly alone, and feeling more than a bit disheveled.
Marian turned to look up at the man who remained astride his mount, edging his horse
toward her, but not, thankfully, chasing after Robin. She was grateful for his restraint, for
he would have had to fairly run over her to go after the bandit.
The sheriff sheathed his sword, but still held the reins in one gloved hand. The hooves on
the majestic animal were larger than the trencher plates at a court dinner, and he was pure
coal black from hoof to mane to wild, flaring nose.
The man himself had dark hair that fell in thick curls onto his forehead and brushed the
sides of his neck, and he was clean-shaven but for the shadow that comes late in the day
after a morning‟s shave. His mouth might have been considered sensual if it weren‟t
settled and thin—and the same could be said for his face, dark with tan as well as obvious
annoyance. As she gazed upon the Sheriff of Nottinghamshire, Marian was overcome by
the sense of expectancy, and indeed, when she looked up into those shaded eyes, she felt
set off-balance again, as if she were mistaken about something.
“I trust you are unharmed, Lady Marian,” he said at last. “I apologize for the delay in
coming to your aid, but we had heard your caravan was held up and thought to provide an
escort at Revelstown.”
“Delayed for a broken wheel, aye, but ‟twas fixed readily,” she replied, realizing with a
start that he would indeed think she‟d been in need of rescue. And, truth be told, if it had
been anyone but Robin of Locksley, he would have had the right of it. But Marian had no
fear of her childhood friend Robin, outlaw or no. In fact, she‟d already decided that she
must find a way to enlist the queen to help rid him of the charge of treason.
“Have I changed so much, then?” the sheriff said, sliding abruptly from the saddle. He
landed on two steady feet next to her, and the destrier shimmied and snorted at the loss of
his master‟s weight. “Marian.”
She looked up at him again, closely this time, and recognition washed over her. “Will?”
Perhaps it was the way he‟d said her name, or that he now stood on the ground next to
her—still much taller, but at least not towering so from the saddle.
Aye, indeed it was William de Wendeval before her now. The boy who‟d grown up with
her and Robin of Locksley on her father‟s estate.
But a boy Will was no longer. Just as Robin had grown broader and taller than she
remembered from the summer she‟d seen them last, nearly ten years ago, so had Will.
Taller, aye, and broad of shoulder . . . but he had not lost the sharp edges of his cheeks
and jaw, and the reserved chill of his gaze. A handsome man he might be if the tension
and reserve left his face and stance. But that had always been his way. While Robin had
the lighter hair and dancing sapphire eyes, and personality to match, Will had been the
quieter, more thoughtful, and, at times, gloomier of the pair.
And as their personalities tended to clash like oil and water, so had the two young men.
Competitive and intense, they‟d been rivals serving the same master, with their
differences buried beneath civility and honor.
Will bowed again, peremptorily but correctly. “It is I.”
“The Sheriff of Nottinghamshire?” Marian supposed she could be forgiven for the note of

surprise in her voice. The last she‟d known of Will, he‟d been knighted and under service
to old King Henry‟s confidant William Marshal, but no other news had reached her ears
in Morlaix, across the Channel. Will had been a landless youth, the son of one of
Marshal‟s seneschals. For him to have risen as high as sheriff of a shire was surprising, as
was his ability to pay the fees that were required to buy such a post. She wondered what
he‟d done to deserve such an honor, and whereby he‟d acquired the funds.
“And Robin of the Hood‟s sworn enemy,” he said briskly. “Shall we be on our way?”
Before she could reply, he grasped her by the waist and lifted her into the saddle. The
destrier, unused to such insubstantial weight on its back, shuddered and pranced. But
before his ire could rise dangerously, Will launched into the saddle behind Marian.
The horse quieted and Marian looked down, horrified to see how far she was from the
trampled grass below. Her own palfrey was much smaller and milder than this beast, and
Marian was not fond of being very high off the ground.
Her discomfort could have nothing to do with the strong arm curling around her waist
from behind as they started off with a great leap. Will‟s solid chest and legs provided a
comfortable and safe chair as they blazed through the woods. But he was so very warm.
And large.
When he ducked to avoid a low-hanging branch, Marian was forced to do so as well,
leaning closer to the destrier‟s flowing mane. She couldn‟t remember the last time she‟d
been required to ride pillion, and certainly never in this pell-mell fashion through the
woods.
She closed her eyes and clung to the saddle‟s pommel.
Moments later, they reached the road, where Marian‟s travel wagons and escort
remained. The horse had barely stopped when Will dismounted and reached up to lift her
down, setting her, weak-kneed, near her wagon. It took only a moment to ascertain that
the outlaws had taken nothing from her caravan.
“Though I don‟t expect them to return, please accept our escort to Ludlow, my lady,”
Will said formally. He opened the door of her wagon.
“Thank you, Sheriff,” she said, climbing in.
As she settled in her seat and the wagons rumbled off, now flanked by the sheriff ‟s men
as well as her own men-at-arms, Marian had much to contemplate. Least of which was
whether Robin had known it was her party traveling through Sherwood, and had never
intended on stealing anything from her in the first place.
Or had it merely been happenstance that Robin had recognized her, and had thus called
off his men?
Or had the sheriff arrived in time to prevent the outlaws from making off with her
belongings?
The next time she saw Robin—for she would certainly see him again, she‟d make certain
of it—she would have words with him. And try to find a way to help him while she spied
on Prince John.
And mayhap . . . she might allow him to kiss her again.

CHAPTER 2
“By the rood,” Prince John said to Will that evening. They sat at a large table on the dais
in the great hall of Ludlow, enjoying pheasant and grouse from Sherwood Forest. “The
hall has for certain grown quieter without my lovely wife‟s presence.”
“But all that much darker and unattractive for it,” Will replied automatically. Other than
flattery about his person, John liked nothing better than to hear about the beauty and
desirability of his wife. And if he ever procreated a legitimate child, he‟d most likely
require compliments in that regard as well.
No sooner had the words come out than Will cast a swift glance at his companion to be
certain he hadn‟t noticed the disinterest in his voice. His mind had been elsewhere since
his return to Ludlow as Marian‟s escort. And though he appreciated the opportunity to be
seated at the high table, where he could look out over the other diners if he wished to
locate one in particular, he was wholly uninterested in attending John tonight.
Ludlow was one of Prince John‟s smaller, less-significant holdings. He‟d come into it
simply by chance, when the daughter of one of his vassals married the baron of the tiny
fief. The daughter and the baron died without issue, and John expediently assumed
ownership of the holding as its overlord.
As it turned out, Ludlow Keep was fairly comfortable despite its smaller size, and it
happened to abut the king‟s Sherwood Forest, which was known for generous hunting.
Thus, John found the insignificant fief more pleasurable than one would expect,
particularly since his wife, Isobel, preferred Westminster for a variety of reasons and
wouldn‟t be present to hamper his other activities.
This time, John had been at Ludlow for six months, not just because he enjoyed it, but
because he was trying to lie low, as far from his mother‟s notice as possible. When John
was in residence, he required Will to attend him, which forced the sheriff to leave the
small manor house he held along with his office. It also meant that he was relegated to a
chamber with the other unmarried men of rank, since Ludlow wasn‟t really large enough
to accommodate a royal court.
John‟s wife, Isobel, visited briefly, then returned to larger and busier residences, leaving
her husband to amuse himself with hunting and other activities. Despite the princess‟s
absence, however, many of her ladies-in-waiting remained at Ludlow, as they were wards
of the prince, or because their husbands, fathers, or other responsible male family
members attended him.
“And so you‟ve allowed Robin Hood to escape yet again,” John said as he sloshed a
piece of bread in the juices of the trencher they shared. Since there were no ladies
attending them at the trestle table, the single hollowed-out loaf of bread filled with fowl
and potatoes served them both.
Despite the critical words, John‟s voice was easy and casual, indicating that he wasn‟t
particularly angry or disappointed with Will‟s most recent failure to clap Robin in chains

and toss him in the dungeon. There were times when Will suspected that John, for all his
fury and blustering at the band of thieves, might also find their continued freedom useful
in some respect.
After all, if coin disappeared, it could always be blamed on them, even if it happened to
end up lining John‟s own coffers instead of in the hands of the bandits.
Yet, more important, John did not like to look the fool—and Robin Hood‟s continued
elusion of the sheriff and his men accomplished just that. Will did not like to look the
fool any more than the prince did, but he had little choice in the matter.
“The man and his band become more bold as the days go by, my lord,” Will replied. He
glanced out over the rows of tables that lined the hall. The gentry sat nearest the high
table, where the most choice and freshest of foods were served. As one moved to the rear
of the hall, the diners became more simple and mean, ending with the lowliest of serfs
and villeins in the very back.
“He is too clever to capture in the forest. Methinks a trap ought to be set for the man.
Something that will lure him from the safety of the trees.”
Will calmly broke a corner of bread from the trencher and chewed on it, trying to keep
his mind on John‟s words rather than his eyes searching the hall.
“An archery contest, and mayhap a day of jousting, would be in order,” continued the
prince. “ ‟ Twill draw him out, for Robin Hood is known for his skill with the bow.”
“He is a most skilled archer,” Will agreed. “He did, after all, skewer the cloak of Lord
d‟Arlande, pinning him betwixt hand and waist against a tree trunk.”
“Drawing nary a drop of blood in the process, the lickspittle. An‟ from some perch in a
tree,” John added, with a combination of disgust and wonder. “Did he not also pin your
man—what was his name?—to a wagon he was robbing?”
Will picked up his goblet of wine. “Aye, three arrows and—”
“God‟s blood,” said John suddenly. “And wherever did that vision appear from?”
The note of deep interest . . . almost reverence . . . in John‟s voice caught Will‟s full
attention and he put his cup down and looked at the prince. His mouth parted and lips
shiny with grease from the pheasant, John appeared quite taken.
Will‟s fingers tightened, though he kept his face blank. He knew without looking what—
or, rather, who—had caught the Angevin‟s attention. It was inevitable.
And now he had to tread very carefully. “Ah, so you have seen Marian of Morlaix,” Will
said casually. He reached for his wine again, the metal of his goblet cool and textured
beneath his grip. “She is quite the comely bitch. I had the misfortune of coming upon her
in the wood today after Robin Hood had taken her off during the robbery.”
“Is that so?” John said, but his eyes remained fixed on Marian. “Misfortune?”
Will didn‟t have to look directly out into the hall to know where she sat now, for he‟d
seen a glimpse of that brilliant coppery hair shining in the torchlight. He kept his
attention on John instead of the woman. “He left her in the wood and that was the cause
of his escape this day. I dare not leave a gentlewoman alone in the forest to chase after
him, as he well knew. So I was forced to bring her back to her escort. By that time,
Robin‟s men had taken what they desired and had all disappeared.”
“So he took her off into the wood, did he?”

“ ‟ Twas merely a diversionary tactic, my lord,” he said. “I‟m certain he meant to draw
me and my men into the wood after him to rescue Lady Marian.”
“Lady Marian,” mused John, his voice hollow as he lifted his goblet to drink. “I‟ve never
seen such hair. The color of flame, ‟tis. And a face to go with it. Alabaster skin, full lips
just right for sucking cock—”
“And the temperament as well,” Will added, disregarding the fact that he‟d interrupted
his liege. “I‟d like nothing better than to take that in hand.”
“Indeed.” For the first time, John seemed to hear what Will had said. “Do you know the
lady?”
“I fostered with her father at Mead‟s Vale. She tormented us most handily, and hid
behind her father‟s hauberk when we would have had our revenge. Even then she showed
the sign of becoming a most annoying, mouthy woman.” He closed his own mouth at that
point, acutely aware that his companion‟s mother had long been criticized for the very
same faults—and more.
“Damme, and she is a widow too,” John said, rich speculation in his voice. “ ‟ Tis almost
too convenient.”
Even the prince would be hard-pressed to excuse the deflowering of one of his wards, but
a widow was the easiest fruit to pluck. No male family members to cry dishonor, and no
maidenhead to broach.
“A sharp-tongued one. I trow, the woman should be taught to keep her mouth closed . . .
unless she has it otherwise engaged,” Will said with a meaningful laugh. He‟d somehow
picked up his eating knife and realized his fingers had curled tightly around it. Keeping
his voice even, he continued. “I should like to take that task on myself, my lord. I‟ve a
desire to otherwise engage that impudent tongue.”
John turned to look at him again, his eyes so dark they appeared black. “And how does it
happen that I have long urged you to find a field in which to rut, but now that you have
set your eye on one, ‟tis that of my own desire.” His voice, low and easy, nevertheless
carried a warning note.
“My lord, I knew that woman when she was but a young girl, a tease and a tormentor.
And it‟s long been my desire to teach the lessons that I was never able to at that time.
And aside of that, ‟tis indeed a ripe field to plow. But,” Will continued boldly when he
saw that the prince was about to speak, “mayhap I have a way that you might find
pleasing as well. She is a fire-haired bitch, and ‟twill be a task to tame her. If you set that
task to me, I‟ll take it gladly, my lord. Thus, none of her complaints can be directed at
you, but at me instead. Then, I shall promise you a tame and willing woman to warm
your bed when all the spite is gone from her. A well-trained and willing one in the stead
of a surly, mouthy bitch.”
John had closed his mouth to chew on a particularly tough piece of fowl, if the way his
jaw worked was any indication. A spark of interest had flared in his eyes and he reached
for his goblet to drink, still chewing.
Will used his eating knife to spear the last bit of pheasant and bring it to his own mouth,
keeping his attention firmly on the prince. He uncurled his fingers and let the small knife
rest next to the trencher. And waited. Waited as if to learn whether he would be sent into

battle on a cold gray morning.
“Aye,” said John at last. “Aye, ‟tis a good plan, Will. There is only one stipulation I must
insist upon.”
“What is that, my lord?”
“That whilst you are going about the taming of that luscious little cunt, you‟ll provide me
some entertainment.” John wiped his face with a small cloth. “I desire to watch.”

Marian found the great hall at Ludlow cramped, close, and smoky. All great halls were,
to some extent, but it was worse here than usual. A royal court—even if ‟twas only that
of John Lackland—required numerous serfs to keep things running smoothly, countless
pages and men-at-arms, and all the ladies and lords who curried favors. In a keep as small
as Ludlow, the swell of people pushed at the very limits of the space.
She‟d managed to find a seat in the second row, not far from the wall, where a torch
burned down a pleasant circle of light. Though it was late September, fires blazed in two
different fireplaces: a smaller one behind the high table, and a large one on the opposite
wall. Dogs slunk underfoot, looking for their daily fare, while serfs dashed to and fro
with their platters of food.
Marian glanced at the high table, where she caught her first glimpse of Prince John. He
was a handsome man, with a neatly trimmed beard and fine clothing. His dark eyes
seemed too small for his face, but they gleamed with interest and cunning as he
conversed with the man next to him.
His companion had turned away momentarily as John gave an openmouthed guffaw, and
was speaking to a page behind him, so Marian couldn‟t see his face. She cast a quick look
about the hall. Nottinghamshire‟s sheriff was nowhere to be seen, for which she was
unaccountably disappointed. Yet there were so many people crowded around the tables,
she would not be surprised if he was there, but not visible to her. No doubt a man of his
rank would sit closer to the prince, Marian thought.
“My lady, I heard you were set upon by that outlaw Robin of the Hood!”
The breathless question came from Alys of Wentworth, one of Queen Eleanor‟s wards
whom Marian knew from her days in the queen‟s court. Though she was only eighteen,
Alys had been sent as chaperone to deliver one of Richard‟s very young wards to John‟s
court while the king and his mother were traveling to the Holy Lands.
Tonight, Alys was with two women who were only passing acquaintances of Marian‟s
from previous court visits. Finding Alys here, who not only had been a good friend but
also had a reputation as an excellent healer, was a welcome diversion for Marian.
“Aye, he attempted a robbery of my wagons,” Marian replied.
“What was Robin Hood like? Was he as handsome as they say?” asked another of the
ladies, who introduced herself as Catherine.
“He was friendly for a bandit,” Marian replied, noticing that some of the other nearby
gentry had turned to listen. “No one was hurt, and he was quite gallant.” What else could
she say? She wasn‟t about to admit that he‟d swept her up on his horse and stolen a kiss.

“And handsome?” Catherine pressed, her eyes dancing as though she knew something
Marian didn‟t.
“Quite handsome,” Marian replied, smiling back. She happened to look toward the front
of the hall at that moment, and her whole body froze. It chilled, then suddenly exploded
into unpleasant heat in her cheeks.
Prince John was looking at her. Not merely looking at her, but pinning her with hooded
dark eyes as though he wished to be doing so with his hands . . . or something else.
Marian pulled her gaze away from his and felt her heart pounding rampantly. Her
stomach suddenly felt unpleasantly heavy and disrupted.
“Is it true that the sheriff rescued you and his men chased off the bandits?” ventured
another of the ladies.
Marian swallowed back the churning in her stomach that threatened to bubble up her
throat. “The sheriff did arrive quite fortuitously,” she said, and was unable to keep from
glancing back at the high table.
John was still watching her, slipping a chunk of food into his mouth and masticating as
though he meant to be feeding on her rather than the food. The expression was
unmistakable. Marian tore her eyes away again and they skittered over the prince‟s
companion, who, this time, was facing the front of the hall. Her throat dried again.
She hadn‟t recognized him before, or perhaps she hadn‟t looked closely enough. But
‟twas most definitely Will there, sharing the most prominent seat in the hall with the
prince as though he was his closest crony.
He, at the least, wasn‟t looking at her. Instead, he leaned closer to John and spoke
intimately to him while lifting a chunk of meat to his mouth on a small eating knife. Even
from here, she saw the tension and harshness in a face tanned the color of deer hide, and
made even more shadowy by the dark hair that brushed against it. And then the sudden
gleam of a humorless smile.
“Why does he sit with the prince?” she asked. “In such a place of honor?”
“Oh,” said the lady who‟d asked about him in the first place, and whose name Marian had
forgotten, “he and the prince are inseparable companions.”
“Indeed,” Marian said, feeling her brows draw together in a frown. “Does the sheriff seek
favor from the prince, then?”
“Nay, ‟tis not so much that he seeks boons from the prince, but that the prince finds him
amusing,” replied Sir Roderick, who had barely taken his eyes from Marian since she sat
across from him. “The prince must include de Wendeval in all his amusements and
activities or he is displeased by his absence.”
Will and Prince John? She looked again at the acquaintance of her youth and his royal
companion. The depravity and lust shone unabashedly in John‟s eyes, and though Will‟s
face was half-turned away, she recognized anew the hardness there. Unrelieved and stoic.
Emotionless.
‟Twas most definitely not the young man she‟d known. If he and John had become
constant companions, he must no longer be merely quiet and brooding, but as brutal and
cruel as the unloved prince.
“The sheriff has not been able to capture Robin Hood,” Marian said, wondering about

those two men. As children, they‟d been rivals of a sort. Had that rivalry grown into
something more ominous? Will was charged with catching, sentencing, and, if necessary,
executing bandits such as Robin. “I trow the prince cannot be happy with that lack.”
“Nay, but the prince himself has been witness to Robin Hood‟s cleverness. John and
Nottingham have plotted many traps for the bandit, each one more dangerous than the
last. And Robin Hood seems always to slip through the smallest crack and to make his
escape. The sheriff was to execute a boy for treason. Hang him on the dais in the Ludlow
bailey, in front of all who wished to watch. He intended to make an example of the poor
boy.”
“Treason? ‟Tis a serious offense.” And must be punished if law and order were to be
kept. But a boy?
“Aye. The boy claimed he took only a deer that was already dead from the forest, in order
to feed his family.”
Marian felt a little pang in her middle. It was treason to steal from the king, indeed, but . .
. “Surely the beast was examined. It would be no hardship to determine if it had been
freshly slaughtered.”
Sir Roderick shrugged. “Aye, and there were those who claimed the deer had not been
recently killed. But the sheriff meant to hang him anyway, the boy. Merely fourteen
winters he was, and if it weren‟t for Robin Hood, the boy would have been swaying in
the breeze.”
“Robin Hood?”
“Aye. He rescued him right off the scaffolding, whilst the sheriff could do naught but
look on furiously.”
Fourteen. That was the same age Will and Robin had been that last summer spent at
Mead‟s Vale. Hardly boys, but not quite men.
Again she wondered about their rivalry. Even that short moment in the clearing, before
she‟d recognized Will, the antipathy between the men had been palpable.
Was it possible that they hadn‟t recognized each other?
Nay, of course not. She had recognized Robin immediately; surely Will had done so. But
Robin could not claim innocence. He was an outlaw.
And it was Will‟s duty to punish outlaws.
Duty.
Marian felt her mouth tighten. Oh, she knew well of duty, for ‟twas duty that brought her
here, into the court of the cruel and lustful John Angevin. Duty to her king, by way of his
mother.
She loved Eleanor as much as one could love a strong-willed liege—particularly one of
the lesser gender, but who moved among men as if one of them—but Marian was not
ignorant of the queen‟s faults. It would be no surprise to her if Eleanor hadn‟t picked her
for this task purposely, knowing that Marian would catch John‟s eye. For, in Eleanor‟s
mind, one must make sacrifices, and one must use whatever skills and advantages one
had in order to complete the task. She herself had done so, and expected those whom she
trusted to do the same.
Marian was one whom Eleanor trusted, and as she felt the heavy salaciousness of John‟s

gaze on her, she shivered deep inside. Perhaps it was no boon to be a favorite of
Eleanor‟s after all.
Yet, what choice did she have? Duty. She would do her duty, regardless of what she must
endure.
Though she feared it was too late to escape the prince‟s attention, Marian spent the
remainder of the meal with her back angled away from the high table and as close to the
wall as possible. Perhaps some other fresh face would attract him in her stead. Alys, who
was much more beautiful with her spun-gold hair and big blue eyes, was safe from the
prince, as she was the heiress to Clervillieres, one of Eleanor‟s strongest vassals in
Aquitaine. She was still a virgin, due to the fact that her betrothed, a lord eight years
younger than she, had recently died before they were wed. Even John dare not sully her
maidenhead.
When the interminable meal ended after six courses, plus a round of jongleurs‟
entertainment, Marian thought to make her escape to the small chamber that had been put
aside for her and Ethelberga. That she had a private chamber was in itself a sign of the
queen‟s influence.
Making her excuses and slipping past the eager smile of Sir Roderick, Marian edged
along the stone wall. She took care not to brush against it, for it was covered with smoke
and other grime. One of the pleasures—few as there had been—of being sent to Ludlow
was that she‟d been able to prepare a new wardrobe. In retrospect, Marian wondered if
mayhap she wouldn‟t have attracted the prince‟s attention if she‟d been wearing less-fine
clothing. Tonight, her floor-length undergown, fitted from throat to hip and with sleeves
laced from wrist to shoulder, was the color of butter. The burnished-gold overtunic—a
sleeveless shift—had been embroidered with gold-shot thread and tiny amber beads along
the hems and neckline.
Marian knew that the combination of yellow, gold, and amber made her fiery hair appear
brighter, her green eyes sharper, and her skin color warm and peachlike . . . and at that
moment she bewailed her choice. Vanity. Would it be her undoing?
Just then, she felt a presence behind her, too close. She felt the hair at the back of her
neck prickle, and she whirled around.
“Leaving so soon, Lady Marian?” William de Wendeval loomed over her.
The torchlight danced over his face, darkening shadows further, and giving his expression
a wicked glow. His eyes were flat and cool, and his lips settled in a half smile that held
no humor.
“I‟m weary,” she replied easily, though her heart, for some reason, pounded madly. She
could not pull her gaze away from those dark eyes, and his large hand closed over her
arm.
“Ah, weary. Of course. You must have found it trying to fight off the advances of that
rogue in the woods,” he said. His fingers held her firmly, but not painfully, though now
he stood so that she was between him and the wall, hidden to the rest of the hall by his
great height and broad shoulders.
“Release me, Will,” she said, again keeping her voice calm. She chose to use his name in
an effort to remind him of their past. “I wish to go to my chamber.”

Having spoken, Marian turned away, and in doing so looked beyond Will‟s arm . . .
toward the high table. John sat there, his eyes fastened on her and Will as he raised a
goblet to drink. The cup hid the expression on his face, but the avidity in his eyes told her
that he watched with interest. She realized that Will had maneuvered it so that while he
blocked her from most of the hall, his angle left a clear view for the prince.
“But you cannot,” the sheriff said, and she felt his foot brush against hers. The next thing
she knew, the wall bumped up behind her and she was crowded between a large body and
the stone. “Your presence is required elsewhere.”
Marian‟s throat closed and the pounding of her heart became stronger. “By whom?” she
demanded.
“By me.”
The next thing she knew, the world changed: his hands closed over her shoulders and his
mouth descended. The wall pushed into her from behind, and his powerful body pressed
against hers from the front, one knee shifting to push between her legs. Will‟s lips
covered hers before she could react or twist away, and his fingers moved to grasp her
chin, curving over the front of her throat. Not hard enough to choke her, praise God, but
enough that she dared not move.
She realized her eyes had closed, and her hands had gone convulsively toward his chest,
her fingers closing over his embroidered tunic, grasping at the heavy stitching as she tried
to push him away. He was as immovable as his mouth was skillful, and Marian tasted the
heavy wine on his lips and tongue as she gave in to the kiss.
It caught her by surprise, the intensity of his mouth pressed to hers, lips and tongue
slipping and sliding in an angry dance. Her breath caught and she became aware of the
pounding of his heart beneath her hands, and the matching stampede of her own pulse.
But when she realized what was happening, she pulled her lips, her face, away angrily.
His fingers fell from her chin, and before he could fully release her, she whipped her
palm back. Will‟s hand shot up and caught her wrist before she could slap his face.
“How dare you?” she whispered, fighting to pull free.
His half smile was back, arrogant and powerful and humorless, as he held her wrist with
angry fingers.
“Oh, I dare. Do you not know to whom you speak? The fearsome Sheriff of
Nottinghamshire.” His lips twisted in a parody of a smile.
“I know who you are,” Marian responded, her heart pounding. “Now take your hands
from me, Will.”
“I cannot in conscience do that, my lady. For it‟s to be me,” he said, leaning down into
her face, crowding his hip against her belly, “or the prince.” He slipped his other hand
back up to cup her chin again, forcing her to look at him, up into those hard eyes, flat and
dark. “And I won‟t draw blood. Or leave bruises.”

CHAPTER 3

R obin eased back into the shadows.
From his vantage point high up in Ludlow‟s great hall, he had a clear view of the diners
below. After his men had distracted one of the men-at-arms standing watch, Robin had
nimbly climbed the bailey‟s wall. A corner window slit had allowed him to slip into the
hall unnoticed. Now he stood on one of the narrow balconies, hidden behind a tapestry.
The air up here was hot and dull, and his eyes stung from the rising smoke. But not so
much that he missed the way the Sheriff of Nottinghamshire had made his way to Lady
Marian of Leaford, backed her up against the wall, and fairly rutted with her right in the
midst of the hall. ‟Twas hard to mistake Nottingham‟s height and unrelieved dark tunic
pressed up near Marian‟s blazing hair, set even more afire by the rich golden clothing she
wore.
A lovely lady Marian had become. So much that it had taken him by surprise when he
accosted her wagon earlier today. Of course, he‟d known it was hers, but he hadn‟t
expected to find such a pleasant surprise within. A gangly girl with pale skin and an
overload of freckles, Marian had always had the beacon-bright hair, as well as the
stubborn chin . . . but now all that had melded into a very lovely woman.
By all rights, Robin should have been down below, on the rush-covered floor, with all the
other vassals of King Richard, sitting at the trestle tables and slamming fair maidens up
against the wall for a kiss—or more.
When he was Lord Robin of Locksley, he had been a favorite with the ladies for his
charm, wit, and skill on the lute. He had been counted one of the favorites of the ladies of
the royal court, who‟d enjoyed the tradition begun in Queen Eleanor‟s Court of Love,
wherein the knights and lords worshipped them from afar (and sometimes from very
intimate proximity). In the old days, Robin had little difficulty moving from that pose of
distant worship to a closer hold beneath the laces of those tight-fitting undertunics . . . to
the mutual pleasure of all parties.
And then the old king had died, and his son decided to go on Crusade, and everything had
changed.
Now Robin of Locksley had become Robin of the Hood, an outlaw who ranged
throughout Sherwood Forest, terrorizing those who passed through. And who must
remain on the periphery of the court, no longer lord of his own fief. There were benefits
to his situation, but at this moment, Robin found them little compensation.
He watched as William de Wendeval seized Marian‟s hand when she raised it to strike
him, and held it steady as he leaned down into her face. The man appeared unruffled as
he spoke with obvious intensity.
Robin gritted his teeth as he watched. His father had thought years ago of betrothing his
son to Marian, and had even gone so far as to speak to her father about it. At the time,
Robin had little interest in the pale, skinny girl who always wanted to follow him around
and who beat him at archery contests more often than he liked to admit. But now he
realized he didn‟t like watching Nottingham pushing himself upon her, not one whit. And
he wasn‟t going to allow it to happen.
‟Twould be a simple task to put an end to it, for one of the benefits of being an
outrageously charming and handsome outlaw, he‟d discovered, was that the women

found him dangerously fascinating. Marian had been no exception today in the woods.
And there were plenty of other beautiful women, lush and ripe for the plucking, if that
was what Nottingham had a mind to do. Many of whom Robin himself had already had
the pleasure of meeting. And plucking.
As the sheriff led Marian out of the hall, Robin scanned the remaining ladies for a
potential replacement for the sheriff ‟s interest.
Pauletta of Yarnley was comely enough, but she kissed like a fish. Of course, one could
get beyond that easily if one had a mind to. Lady Elizabeth de Guildern had fairly melted
in his arms when he slipped up behind her in one of the keep‟s torchlit hallways last
sennight. She was an eager partner, and in fact, her hands had been quite busy during
their brief interlude behind a tapestry. Robin grinned at the memory and felt his cock lift
in its own salutation. Lady Elizabeth would most certainly be worth another visit.
He shifted slightly, adjusting the crotch of his braies as he considered the other
candidates. Joanna of Wardhamshire . . . Catherine de Meauville . . . Hie! Who was the
wench?
Robin eased the slightest bit forward, risking a bit more illumination, as he peered down.
He‟d never seen her before. Petite with blond hair . . . mayhap it was Henriette de
Hulvasen. . . .
She turned her head slightly, looking up at Roderick of Treyvern, who was much taller
than she, and Robin saw her young, heart-shaped face. That was most definitely not
Henriette of the knife-blade nose and abundant bosom.
A new female addition to John‟s court meant more than a chance to steal kisses in dark
corners. It meant yet another source of information, another opportunity to learn who was
traveling to and from Ludlow and what they might be bringing that Robin might find
worth relieving them of.
Of course, Robin already had a variety of sources, including one that was very close to
the prince.
And Nottingham and Marian had disappeared from the hall.
Together.
His lips pursed thoughtfully, Robin made his decision, and pulling the hood of his dark
green cloak up and over his head, he eased from the shadows.
Nottingham had disrupted Robin‟s playtime this afternoon. Now ‟twas time for his own
entertainment to be aborted.

“Where are you taking me?” Marian demanded, trying to drag her arm away from Will‟s
grip.
His face appeared even more dark and forbidding than before. They‟d come to a narrow
flight of steps and he stopped at its base. “Your presence is requested by His Highness,”
he said in a low, tight voice. “In his private solar.”
Marian‟s belly fell to her knees. Oh God, already? “The prince?” Then she drew in a deep
breath and straightened. It would do no good to show fear. Especially to one as

formidable as the man before her.
Who was taking her to the prince.
“Nay, Will.” Her voice came out in a gust of breath. “Not tonight. Please.” She reached
for him, her fingers tight.
Will looked down at her, standing so that his head blocked the merry flames of the
sconce behind him. The details of his face were thus obscured by shadow, but she saw his
jaw move, and his lips tighten into a line so thin it was probably white. “You must make
your choice, Marian, for he will not be put off.” His voice was not so harsh as it had been
in the hall.
“Choice?” she responded, tamping back the wail that threatened to erupt. By the holy
cross, she was Lady Marian of Morlaix, and she would swallow her weakness. Even
though she‟d fairly begged a moment earlier.
By her own example, Eleanor of Aquitaine had instilled in Marian the responsibility of
duty and honor. And if one did not have honor, one had nothing.
“I have no choice, according to you,” she said. “The prince wishes my presence and you
are to deliver me to him.” Now it was her turn to clamp her lips tightly, for fear that he
might see them tremble.
In truth, what was the worst that could happen? Prince John might wish to tup her, and,
well, she was no virginal maid. She‟d endured Harold‟s attentions as his wife. ‟T could
be no worse under . . . dear God, under . . . the prince.
“Your choice is to submit either to the prince . . . or to me.”
Marian looked up at him, feeling her jaw sag slightly. It’s either him or me . . . and I
won’t draw blood.
Now his rushed words made sense to her, words that she‟d barely heard in the blast of
anger and mortification that he should have used her the way he did in the hall.
Or leave bruises.
She felt the waves of tension rolling off him as if they were heat from a fireplace.
“I‟ve already made my claim,” he said. The words came out sharp and hard. “But if you
prefer the prince—”
“No,” she said. “No, Will.” She drew in a deep breath. She didn‟t really know this man
any more than she knew the prince, and if the rumors were correct, he was as brutal as the
Angevin. But his stark promise seemed sincere. I won’t draw blood. Or leave bruises. “I
do not prefer the prince.” She snatched in her breath and looked around, afraid that her
words might have been overheard.
“Then you have made your choice,” he said after a moment frozen in silence.
“Make no mistake,” she said, stepping back from him. “I prefer to make no choice at all.”
“You haven‟t that freedom, Marian,” he said. “Make no mistake: if you aren‟t with me,
you will be with John. He accepts nay from no one. Nor is he swayed from his desires.
You will attend him tonight, as my guest.”
Marian looked up at him, trying to read his face. Shadowed, closed, he looked as
frightening as John sounded. She swallowed back a little shiver and said, “So you will
protect me from John?”
“Protect you?” He gave a short, edgy laugh. “That is a loose word for what will pass

between us, but if you wish, you may consider it that.” Once again, his fingers curled
around her arm. “Now, come, before I lose what little patience I have.”

“Drink this,” Will said, shoving a skin of wine at Marian as they stopped just outside the
door to John‟s solar. “And if the prince offers you anything to drink, take it.” It would
make things easier.
She looked up at him, fury mingled with fear in her green eyes, and for a moment, he
thought she meant to refuse. Then she snatched the skin from him and drank. She might
loathe him—and if she didn‟t now, she would soon—but Marian was no fool. She knew
the wine would soften whatever would happen beyond the door.
Will turned away, feeling as though his entire body were a jousting staff. Stiff and stark.
Immovable. Unfeeling.
But that was nothing new.
She didn‟t hand him the wineskin; she slapped it at his gut.
“Aye, that‟s it,” Will told her. “Show your fury. Fight me. ‟Twill keep him entertained.”
The skin was empty, leaving none for him—which was just as well. He couldn‟t afford
any indulgence.
Folding the skin and tucking it into the belt of his tunic, Will gave a sharp nod to the two
guards, then opened the door and shoved her in, making sure she stumbled.
She didn‟t just stumble; she fell in a heap of golden skirts and a bounce of glorious,
intricately braided hair.
“Ah . . . already she is on her knees, I see, de Wendeval.” The prince chuckled deeply.
“How efficient you are.”
One of the guards closed the door behind him and Will stepped farther into the chambers,
trying not to breathe too deeply. The space smelled of indulgence: wine, food, sweat . . .
and sex.
“As you requested, my lord,” Will said, bowing briefly.
“Rise, Lady Marian,” John said. “Allow me to welcome you to my private chambers. I do
hope that you will visit oft, here, in my Court of Pleasure.”
The prince sat on a massive wooden chair too heavy for even Will to move alone. The
well-cushioned seat was situated to the left of the door, near one end of the large,
rectangular chamber. Tapestries stirred on the wall from the shift of the heavy door
closing, and thick rugs covered the stone floor instead of herbs and rushes. A long low
table lined the wall directly across from the door. It was covered with wine flagons,
platters, and bowls of food, drink, oils, lotions, and other indulgences.
The prince‟s chambers lacked for nothing in the realm of sensuality. He‟d taken over this
large, well-lit space that had been the ladies‟ solar at Ludlow and made it into a den of
hedonism. Candles flickered on the table, from wall sconces, and throughout the
chamber. Along with the fires crackling at each end, the candlelight gave the space a
warm, golden glow.
Will made no move to assist Marian as she rose to her feet and smoothed her tunic,

though he stood nearby. He realized his fingers had closed tightly into his palms, and
knew there was little he could do if John took it into his head to forget their agreement.
He didn‟t need to look around to know that there were other women in the room—but not
gentlewomen, not tonight. He could hear the faint whistle of breath, a little catch of a sob
from a corner. A servingwoman or two, most likely, at the other end of the chamber.
“My lord,” Marian said as she rose to her feet, giving him a brief nod. Will caught the
trace of insolence in her voice and wanted to strangle her. “I am honored by your
gracious invitation, but as I‟ve told Nottingham, I much prefer to seek my own chamber
this night. ‟Tis been a difficult day of travel and I am quite exhausted.” She said it in the
same tone Queen Eleanor might have done: as if she expected him to care.
“Then I am most honored that you‟ve attended me,” John replied in his smooth voice. His
dark eyes missed little, scanning her with interest.
Marian bowed again, and her hair, which had loosened sometime since they‟d left the
hall—likely when Will had shoved his fingers into it during the kiss—sagged over one
shoulder. “Then you will permit me to take my leave, my lord?”
“Most certainly,” John replied. Will felt Marian gather herself up to thank him. Before
she could speak, the prince continued. “But you must stay for a bit. I should not want you
to leave my private chambers”—he emphasized those words delicately—“without having
been suitably entertained.”
The prince‟s gesture directed Marian‟s attention to the other side of the solar. She‟d been
facing John since entering the room, so Will knew it was the first time she‟d looked there.
Her breath caught audibly and she took a step back.
He didn‟t have to look to know what she was seeing, and he caught at her arm from
behind. His fingers closed around it tightly in warning, but that was all he dared do.
“Come, let us join them,” John said, rising from his chair.
Will tugged Marian back from the prince‟s path as he moved to the other side of the
chamber. She bumped into Will, and half turned. The expression on her pale face was no
more than he‟d expected: a combination of loathing and horror.
“Be glad you are my guest and not his,” he hissed into her ear, then directed her forward.
“Mayhap you would like to join me for a game of chess, my lady?” asked John, sweeping
his hand to the side. “Or would you prefer to simply watch the entertainment?”
Will had become fairly inured to the sight of activities conducted in this chamber, but
when he propelled Marian toward the cushions and chairs at the other side, he saw them
from her point of view. Certainly she knew what passed between a man and a woman—
she‟d been married for three years, and Harold had not been an elderly man—but God
help her if she didn‟t.
Yet, John‟s proclivities ranged far beyond what normally occurred in a bedchamber, and
the sights that Marian would experience were unblemished examples of that. Although,
surprisingly, this night the whips were out of sight, and the manacles and other restraints
hung empty on the far wall.
The largest bed Will knew of stood before them, not obscured by its bed hangings or
curtains—they were pulled wide, the better to view the activities within. The soft
mattress currently boasted three naked women. One of them had red-tinged eyes and nose

from crying, and was likely the cause of the snuffling Will had heard earlier. He
recognized none of them, which confirmed the fact that they were serf women, a small
blessing that meant that Marian wouldn‟t—at least yet—be recognized by her peers.
“Chess, my lady?” John asked again when Marian remained silent. “Or mayhap you‟d
prefer to watch Nottingham and me play. He is quite good.”
She stood rigid and unmoving next to Will. He swore he could feel the sharp, hard
pounding of her heart all the way through her body. When she looked over at the chess
game, he felt her shock rise anew. The heavy wooden board rested on the back of a naked
woman positioned on her hands and knees.
Will knew how that particular game was played, and he was in no mood to participate.
“Mayhap Lady Marian would simply prefer to watch anight,” he said, giving her a little
push toward a pile of cushioned seats far from the chess game and the bed.
“She does seem a bit shy,” John said easily, his eyes scoring over her yet again in a way
that put Will on his guard. “I do hope you‟ll relieve her of that propensity sooner rather
than later.”
Shy, but not the tigress Will had described her as, which worried him anew. John might
decide that it wouldn‟t be much of an effort to tame her and renege on their agreement.
“You can be certain of it, my lord,” Will replied, settling onto a low, wide chair made
specially for more than one. Because John expected it of him, he drew Marian onto his
lap, more roughly than necessary, and made sure his hands moved crudely over her
breasts before settling at her waist.
She stiffened but, other than trying to move his hands away, said nothing. Will persisted,
sliding his palms up and over the sides of her torso and around to cup her breasts again.
He felt her shuddering breaths, but she remained silent and still.
Wanting, needing, to get a rise out of her in order to support his excuses to John, Will
moved roughly, sliding his fingers up into her hair and tipping her head to the side. He
buried his face in the side of her warm neck, giving her a little bite just below the ear. It
was a bite that turned into more of a nuzzling kiss. Her skin tasted like warm salt, smelled
like violets, and was smooth. Unbelievably soft. Closing his eyes, he lifted his lips,
keeping his hands strong and tight at her waist. When he opened them, he was relieved to
see that John had found another distraction.
The prince had settled himself in the chair closest to the bed. One of the women—the
sniffling one—knelt at his feet. She had removed one of his boots, and was unrolling the
hose from that leg.
On the bed, the other two women had commenced with one version of the entertainment
John enjoyed. Will couldn‟t stop himself from watching as the two kissed full on the
mouth, naked bodies aligned, breast to breast. They rolled to the side, hands shifting and
legs sliding with soft scrapes. One bent to the other, her mouth wide, mauling an offered
breast as her fingers slid down to cover the slick pink quim revealed by her splayed legs.
Marian was hardly breathing, and Will could tell that her shocked attention was fixed on
the tableau in front of them. The soft whimpers and gasps from the two naked women
filtered through the air, bringing their pleasure—real or feigned, Will was never quite
certain—to surround their audience.

It was impossible not to watch—and even more impossible to close one‟s ears to the
sounds: the soft, wet suction of mouth to mouth and mouth to nipple, of fingers slipping
in and around slick red nether lips, making their own wet, erotic sounds. The movement
of flesh against flesh and fabric, the moans and gasps, and even the scrape of nail over
the bed beneath . . . pleasure and sensuality permeated the room through sight, sound, and
scent.
Will glanced over to see that the prince no longer seemed to care that he and Marian were
present, and instead had focused his attention wholly on the large bed. His attendant had
removed the other boot and hose, and had lifted his tunic to expose a purple-headed
erection. Her activity produced more sounds: wet lips and tongue laced with the grunts of
her own exertion as she knelt between John‟s legs. The prince‟s face was a mask of dark
pleasure, his eyes fixed on the bed while his hand clamped over the top of the woman‟s
head, holding her there. Even from the distance, Will saw the whites of his knuckles as he
pressed his fingers into the sides of her skull as if wordlessly directing her, driving her . .
. as one signaled a bridled horse.
Closing his eyes, Will drew in a long, slow, silent breath, keeping his own fingers rigid
and still at Marian‟s waist. Impossible to look away, to ignore the sounds . . . and to keep
one‟s own body from responding.
The scent of violets, the silk of skin and lush red lips were his for the taking. She‟d made
her choice, chosen him. Her breathing had changed, become quick and shallow, and she
moved slightly against him in short little jerks that matched its rhythm.
When he changed the angle of his head and watched Marian from the side and behind, he
saw that her lips had parted and her eyes were still fastened on the women in front of
them. He couldn‟t read the expression on her face—was it horror or fascination?—but he
no longer cared.
His hands moved of their own accord, no longer able to remain still at her hips. They slid
up the sides of her torso, filled their palms with the weight of her breasts through the
tunic and undertunic, and felt the hard points of nipples through the thin fabric. She made
a soft noise, an erotic little gasp, and he rubbed his thumbs hard over the fabric, teasing
over her jutting nipples, and felt her breath turn to little shudders as she squirmed.
Suddenly, her skin was beneath his mouth again, there at the side of her neck, where her
pulse raced and jumped, and he tasted and nibbled. She moved on his lap, brushing
against the raging swell of his cock, and he had to stop for a moment and close his eyes.
Breathing in that violet scent helped not at all, nor did holding her breasts in his hands,
though they were protected by layers of cloth. He could feel the soft little pants of her
breath and the roundness of her bottom against him. . . .
The two women on the bed continued their play, and the sounds became more urgent.
One lay back on the cushions, her knees bent upright and her feet planted on the bed. Her
companion bent between her legs, and Will could see the strong swipe of tongue over the
glistening folds of her quim.
Marian breathed harder, fairly in tandem with the girl on the bed, leaning back against
him as if he wasn‟t forcing her to watch. His fingers slipped through the sides of the
sleeveless overtunic, finding her nipples and the weight of her breasts through the thin

layer of silk.
John gave a loud groan, followed by the unmistakable gagging and choking sounds of the
woman in front of him.
The noise drew Will back to the moment, and had the effect of a splash of cool water.
Not ice-cold water, and not a complete submersion . . . but enough that the urgency
waned.
He removed his hands from Marian, forcing them to his sides, and watched the prince
from the corner of his eye while avoiding looking at the bed. Either John would be sated,
and fall into slumber, or he would merely have his appetite whetted and would expect
more forms of entertainment.
Will had done his best to keep the prince‟s goblet filled with wine during dinner, and he
was hoping for the former. For the moment, he focused on the stone wall beyond the bed,
keeping his eyes from the tapestry—which portrayed a scene more lascivious than the
one in front of him—and counted the stones. He couldn‟t block out the sounds, and now
the scent of woman‟s musk filtered through the air, teasing his attention back toward the
bed.
And then, he heard the sound of a snore. The faintest little tease of a rumble.
Relief washing over him, Will turned to look.
John was asleep.
The first night of torture had ended.

CHAPTER 4
W here had they gone?
Robin had been slinking through the shadows of the keep for more than an hour, dodging
behind tapestries and into dark alcoves—alone, unfortunately—but he‟d seen not a sign
of the sheriff and Marian.
‟Twas possible Nottingham had escorted her to her chamber and Robin had missed
seeing them pass by as they made their way to the stairs on the opposite site of the keep.
He had, after all, been considering which of the other lovely women would be an
appropriate distraction.
But just as he considered giving up his search, he heard the unmistakable sound of a skirt
swishing through the rushes. Robin eased once more into the shadows.
He always found it surprisingly easy to move about within the keep, in the midst of the
very people who sought him. Of course, the rough and mean clothing he wore was fit
more for a serf than a lord turned outlaw, and he took care to keep his face averted. He‟d
been gone from court long enough that the people who gathered here—most of them
John‟s cohorts anyway—wouldn‟t necessarily recognize him, particularly with his beard.
Other than Nottingham, of course.
Despite his disreputable clothing, Robin wore his own good boots, carried his own
dagger, and always kept a swatch of forest green ribbon on his person to leave with a lady

who accommodated him with a kiss . . . or more.
Ahh. Robin‟s mouth twitched in a very pleased smile as he peered around the corner. The
swish of silk skirts announced the approach of Lady Joanna Wardhamshire, with the huge
blue eyes and small, rosebud mouth. Her nose might be a bit large, but one could forgive
that. And best of all, she was a young widow.
“And a good evening to you, Lord Burle,” she was saying. “Thank you for the turn about
the bailey. Shall I see you at the hunt on the morrow?”
Hmmm. A hunt? An activity that would draw the richly dressed gentry and jewel-clad
women out into the wood? Robin nodded to himself in delight.
“I shall indeed hunt, my lady,” replied the man. Robin had noticed Burle before and knew
him to be a serious-minded sort of person with a tedious sort of earnestness. Never would
an exaggeration nor a falsehood pass his lips, nor even, Robin wagered, the slip of a
tongue during a passionate kiss.
Even better. Lady Joanna must be bored to tears after walking with such a monotonous
person. Hadn‟t the man a better sense of romance than to propose a walk around the
stinking, crowded bailey, among the pigs and hounds and stables? Why not on the high
parapets, overlooking the yard and out beyond the walls of Ludlow, where the dark forest
and rich fields lay?
Robin shook his head, smiling to himself. One man‟s missed opportunity was another‟s
delight. He listened and heard a gentle, moist smack that sounded decidedly like a kiss on
the back of a hand. Definitely not lip to lip.
And then the swish of skirts came closer, and the faint sound of Burle‟s metal belt
clinking faded into silence. Along with the swish came a gentle scent of rose and then
Lady Joanna paced on past Robin‟s hiding place.
He waited until she‟d gone a few steps farther, then stepped out into the empty corridor.
“My lady, have you dropped something?”
Joanna turned. “Oh,” she said when she saw him standing there. Her voice held a hint of
wariness.
“Does this belong to you?” Robin asked, taking one step—only one, and no more until he
determined how skittish she was—and offering the scrap of green ribbon.
“Why”—she stepped closer to him, her eyes roving over his belted burlap tunic and tight
but holey hose—“I don‟t know.” Then she looked at his feet, clad in well-tooled leather
boots, and raised her gaze.
“ ‟ Tis a green ribbon,” Robin said, letting his eyes glint warmly, knowingly at her. “Do
you know of anyone who might miss a green ribbon?”
“Oh.” Joanna‟s voice held a different note now . . . one of curiosity and fascination. “A
green ribbon?” Ah. At last a multi-syllabic word from her lips, albeit an echo of his own
speech.
“Would you like to have it?” he asked meaningfully.
“Are you . . . ?” Her voice trailed off, but she looked neither frightened nor skittish.
Rather, delight seemed to have sparked to life in her eyes. And taken control of her
tongue.
Robin was certain he could remedy that.

He moved toward her, the ribbon dangling from his fingers, and eased her back into a
little notch in the brick wall. Her breathing came faster, and her hands clasped his
shoulders.
“You‟re . . . ,” she began, but he covered her mouth with his.
Ah. Nothing like the feel of warm, slick lips, and the press of womanly curves. Robin
molded himself to her as she kissed him back—her tongue was working perfectly now—
and allowed his hands to curve over the swell of her hips. She tasted a bit like smoke
from the great hall, and rose, and woman, and he nibbled on her ear. The soft mewling
noises she made had his eyes closing and his hands moving more boldly.
Not to mention his cock lifting in salute.
He pressed closer, feeling for the juncture of her thighs through the layers of undergown
and tunic. His palms held her breasts, found the thrusting nipples, and rubbed over them
as she moved against him in pleasurable little circles. ‟Twould be no problem to lift her
skirts and slide right home, here against the damp stone wall. She was more than willing.
He‟d just begun to gather up the woolen fabric between them when he stopped, pulling
away to listen intently.
’Sblood, that was Marian’s voice.
Joanna opened her mouth to protest his retreat, and he covered her lips with two fingers.
“We cannot be seen,” he murmured, fainter than a whisper, and brushed his fingertips
over her soft mouth to seal it closed. “I vow, I‟ll come to you again. Take you this,” he
added, pressing the green ribbon into her hand, curling her fingers over it. He gently but
firmly pulled her out of the corner. “Go, quickly, before you are seen.”
“But . . .” She looked at him with full lips and shining eyes, and Robin smiled back.
“You‟ll keep my secret, will you not?”
“Aye,” she breathed, clutching the ribbon that dangled from her fist.
“Now go,” he said, half-listening behind him. He heard nothing. Had he been wrong?
Still, he‟d nearly forgotten his resolve to find Marian in the heat of this moment of
pleasure.
If it had been so delightful to pull Joanna of Wardhamshire into the shadows, it would be
that much more so to have his hands full of the lovely Marian. All that fiery red hair and
those snapping green eyes and lush curves.
“I‟m well able to find my own chamber,” she was saying. And she sounded displeased.
There. It was Marian, and her voice was closer.
“I will escort you,” came Nottingham‟s deep voice, equally flat and hard.
“Have you not escorted me enough this night?”
“I will see you to your chamber,” the sheriff said again, and they were nearly upon
Robin‟s hiding place.
Peste. He flattened himself against the wall, wishing for a deeper alcove. If the sheriff
found him lurking about, ‟twould be the end of his pleasant evening. Not that his
childhood rival‟s attendance on the lovely Marian wasn‟t enough to ruin the night
anyway.
Yet, through the risk, it appeared he would have the unexpected pleasure of learning
which chamber Marian had been assigned to. Robin had been known to slip into a room

filled with sleeping ladies and locate the one he sought . . . even if she was double or
triple bunked. All without making a sound. The liberties he‟d enjoyed as an outlaw were,
at times, greater than those he‟d enjoyed as the lord of a manor.
Marian and de Wendeval walked past him and Robin observed from his corner. The lady
walked erect and stiffly, apart from her companion, and the sheriff made no move to take
her arm or otherwise touch her.
Robin smoothed his hand over the beard and mustache he‟d taken to wearing and smiled.
The language of their bodies told him all he needed to know. Nottingham was no closer
to wooing Lady Marian than Robin was to walking freely into Ludlow Keep and supping
with the prince.
Not that he would wish to, but he sorely missed the opportunity to play his lute for the
ladies. They became all moony-eyed and fell into his hands like ripe plums. Or apples.
Or, in some cases, small pumpkins. With nipples that begged to be sucked and licked,
and quims that ached for his fingers.
Robin followed the pair from a distance as they walked silently along the corridor on this
second level of the keep. The unmarried men were housed in chambers belowstairs,
crowded and lined up pallet by pallet, while the women shared space on the second floor
in two different rooms and actually had beds. A few fortunate married couples shared
smaller chambers on the opposite side of the great hall, and the rest either rented houses
in town or slept apart with their appropriate gender. Prince John had made the third-floor
solar his own private area, and that was one place even Robin hadn‟t dared venture in his
exploration of the keep. But he well knew the two chambers apportioned to the ladies.
Yet, Marian and Nottingham walked past the two doors that Robin knew led to those
chambers, and continued past the garderobe and to a door at the very end of the hallway.
Most curious. Did Lady Marian have a chamber to herself? Why would that be?
Robin grimaced. Mayhap Nottingham had arranged it himself. But even if he had, it
appeared he would not be taking advantage of it tonight if the lady‟s stance was any
indication. Again, Robin‟s lips moved in a pleased smile.
“Good night,” Marian was saying as she stopped in front of the door, clearly dismissing
her companion.
Nottingham ignored her and opened the door to the chamber, walking in without
invitation.
Marian glared at him for a moment, then followed.
Then, to Robin‟s utter vexation, the door closed.

Marian looked at Will, who‟d closed the door and followed her through the small
antechamber into the larger room, instead of leaving. Her heart, which had not yet
returned to its regular rhythm since the episode in John‟s chambers, took another great
leap and began to pound anew.
You must submit to him . . . or to me.
“What do you want?” she said, trying not to think about how tall and dark he was, how he

seemed to fill the room, make it closer and smaller. How his hands had been all over her.
And how she‟d squirmed and twisted and wanted them there.
Her breasts still ached with a heavy, unfamiliar weight. And she felt prickly all over,
prickly and unsettled.
“I wish for a moment of privacy,” he replied. To his credit, he‟d not moved away from
the door and there was a comfortable space between them.
It would be comfortable if she didn‟t feel so aware of the man before her. Where was
Ethelberga? She should be here, waiting for her mistress, snoring on her pallet in the cozy
antechamber, and not leaving her alone with a man who‟d taken her somewhere so
depraved. Who‟d made her watch what she‟d watched.
Marian‟s throat was dry, but she kept her composure. Lifting her chin, she said, “So is it
to be now? Shall I undress? As you can see, my maid is not here to assist.”
Will‟s face grew darker, and her breath caught. Lord, he was fearsome. I won’t leave
bruises or draw blood. Please God, he would keep his vow.
“If that is what you wish,” he replied through a tight jaw. “I‟m no saint, Marian, and I
won‟t deny ‟twould please me greatly.”
She looked up at him, where he stood against the door, as if fixed to it. His hands hung at
his sides, large, powerful, scarred hands that had held her breasts, stroked them, and
made them heavy and achy.
“I don‟t wish it,” she burst out. “I don‟t wish any of this—you or the prince or even to be
here at Ludlow. Are you mad? I wish for none of this.”
Yet, she had no other option. Duty and honor demanded her compliance with the queen‟s
orders. And Will thought she had no choice as a ward of the king.
Will gave a sharp nod and moved away from the door. Her heart leapt into her throat and
Marian held her breath, but he walked not toward her but to the wall opposite where a
heavy tapestry hung. To her surprise, he lifted it, coiling up its substantial weight as
though it were a scrap of silk. Will smoothed his hands over the stone wall beneath it,
then reappeared with an unreadable expression on his face.
“Look you here,” he said, crooking his finger imperiously at her.
Marian hesitated, then walked over to the wall. Taking care not to brush against him, she
leaned where he directed and looked up under the bundle of cloth. “A hole?” she said,
seeing the gap in the mortar between two of the bricks. She knew the garderobe was on
the other side of the wall.
“A peephole,” he told her grimly, then let the tapestry flow back into place. “See you
here?”
He smoothed his hand over the cloth, but she‟d already found it. “The horse‟s eye,” she
said, poking her finger through the hole that had looked like merely a black spot. Until
now. A skitter of discomfort swept over her. “I‟ll cover it up.”
“Nay,” he said, stepping away as she turned toward him. “If you do that, he‟ll simply
make another one.”
Marian stared at him, her belly churning. She had been right about the chamber being
chosen specially for her. But was it John who‟d made the decision, or Will himself?
“The prince enjoys his entertainment,” Will said, standing at the door again. “ ‟ Tis best

not to fight it, else you may find yourself hurt, or otherwise . . . upset . . . in the attempt.”
Marian was beginning to understand. Her stomach pitched, and all the arousal that had
peaked through her body ebbed away, leaving her cold and empty. “And so it will
continue. Nights like tonight.”
“Like tonight . . . and more,” he said. “You can be certain of it.”
And he left.

The door to Marian‟s chamber opened after no more than a few moments. Robin was
surprised by that, but he assumed either Nottingham‟s performance lacked finesse and
was quicker than a noosed man dropping from the scaffold . . . or he hadn‟t performed at
all.
By the look of the sheriff, Robin suspected the latter.
Nottingham shut the door behind him and turned to leave, giving Robin a clear view of
his black expression.
Though there was a weariness about him, the sheriff certainly did not look like a man
who‟d just tupped the lovely Lady Marian.
Robin couldn‟t resist a smile in the dark of a deep alcove as Nottingham walked past. But
then the smile froze and disappeared.
“If I were an outlaw,” came the sheriff ‟s voice wafting down the corridor behind him,
like an afterthought, “I should make certain that I wasn‟t so foolish as to be discovered in
the very place I should not be . . . for I might find myself shortly dressed in a noose.”
Nottingham‟s solid strides never hitched or paused, and he continued on, leaving Robin
to glare after him.

Though her day had been exhausting, Marian slept little that night. And when she did
sleep, her dreams swirled with dark, erotic images. She woke near dawn with aching
breasts and a dull throb between her legs, her body moist, warm, and unsettled.
Her long hair had become loose in its thick braid and was clinging to her damp skin and
wrapping around her arms and torso. When she rolled beneath the linens, her sensitive
nipples brushed against the fabric and hardened even more. Her legs pressed together,
and the pulsing there between them seemed to grow stronger.
The memories of last evening in John‟s chambers surged back into her mind, though she
tried to block them out. She‟d never imagined the sensuality of such sights, of red
tongues and slick lips and white breasts, of swollen, glistening quims . . . the wet sounds
of lust and pleasure, the soft moans and little gasps . . . the smell of body and musky heat
and sex . . . the feel of solid male muscle behind her, beneath her, and hands on her own
breasts, demanding . . . yet enticing.
Marian‟s breathing rose again and her fingers slid around to cover her breasts in an echo
of Will‟s large palms last night. They felt heavy and soft, and her skin tingled, tightening
under her touch. She circled one fingertip experimentally over the top of a nipple. A

responding streak of pleasure zipped down inside her, and she did it again . . . and again,
and then on the other side as well. Her nipples tightened so hard they hurt, and the
pounding in her quim ached and her flesh drew up tightly, expectantly. She let her legs
fall apart and moved one hand down to touch herself.
Her fingers slipped through heat and wet and found the hard little pearl, the source of the
throbbing. Marian closed her eyes and used the pads of her fingers to tease and dance and
flicker in and around her swollen quim and the engorged nib, the pleasure and heat
collecting and rising in her belly and between her legs as she shifted and bent her knees,
working faster and more furiously . . . and then at last, an explosion was shooting through
her body.
Warmth rushed over her as she shuddered and sighed and felt her whole person quake
and shiver . . . and then lull into quiet and satiation.
Her hands slid away. She‟d never felt like that after the rushed beddings with Harold. He
joined her in bed, parted her legs, squeezed her breasts a bit, and then pounded himself
inside her five or six times, cried out, and rolled away . . . and that was all.
After the first few occasions, Marian had learned to ease the way by slipping her own
fingers up inside her quim beforehand, using her own moisture—or butter from the
kitchen—to lubricate her body before he came to her . . . but she‟d rarely given herself
pleasure like she had this morning. And when she had, the results had never been so
intense . . . so desperate. So necessary.
She had a sudden flash of Will‟s face last night as he stood by the door.
I’m no saint, Marian.
She doubted that not a whit.
Yet he hadn‟t forced her. He hadn‟t even attempted it.
Even though in John‟s chamber Will had had his hands all over her—despite the fact that
she‟d felt his own heart slamming in his chest, his breathing harsh in her ear . . . and the
unmistakable bulge of his cock beneath her—he‟d left her untouched in the chamber.
He‟d left her still burning with a need she hadn‟t, until now, really understood how to
resolve.
Marian looked through the gap of ill-fitting bed-curtains and glanced at the tapestry on
the wall, where the telltale horse‟s eye peered over at her, black and empty. He‟d warned
her about the peephole.
And he‟d just as likely gone back to join the prince in the rest of his salacious activities.
Ones that she would be forced to witness again. Perhaps even join.
A pang tingled in her belly as she thought of Will rearing up and over her, his large body
covering her, piercing her. His mouth and hands on her bare skin. Her eyes closed and
she swallowed, her stomach swirling like a swarm of butterflies.
She could endure it. It would be no different from submitting to Harold; he had been her
duty because he was her wedded husband, and a coupling with Will would also be in the
name of duty. Duty to her queen, and ultimately to her sovereign.
Marian could think of worse ways to be dutiful. Like being imprisoned. Or feeling a
noose around her neck. Or going off to war, where her life was at stake, and it was kill or
be killed. Nay, this fate was not of her choice, but it would be proof of her loyalty. And

mayhap she might even be able to help Robin if she got close to the sheriff and the
prince.
It occurred to her then that she‟d been kissed by two different men yesterday—two
enemies, two men on opposite sides of the law, two who had very different perspectives.
Dashing Robin, laden with arrogance and charm . . . with the dancing eyes and sensual,
smiling mouth. And Will, with a darker, different sort of fierceness about him. As though
he was almost . . . unwilling. Even angry.
And yet, both kisses had left her breathless and weak.
A knock at the chamber‟s inner door drew Marian from her disturbing musings, and she
bade Ethelberga to enter.
The maid had returned to Marian‟s chamber shortly after Will left, apologizing that she‟d
gotten lost in the unfamiliar building. After assisting her mistress for bed, she‟d closed
the door that separated the antechamber from the rest of the room, and settled on her
pallet to snore the night away.
Now she was here, wide-eyed and well rested, ready to help Marian dress for the hunt
that John had arranged for the day.
Marian would attend Mass and break her fast with the other ladies. She then planned to
participate in the hunt in hopes that she might see Robin again, though she realized he
should be prudent enough to stay far from the lords and ladies who would roam the
woods. Yet, for some reason, she didn‟t think he would.
In fact, knowing Robin . . . she suspected he‟d be in the thick of it, simply for the thrill of
doing so.

CHAPTER 5
The ferocious black horse belonging to the Sheriff of Nottinghamshire caused the villeins
and serfs of Ludlow Village to scuttle from its path. Eyes peered from behind shutters as
Will navigated the beast through the narrow streets of the town, his expression as black as
his mount‟s.
As Cauchemar clip-clopped along, Will‟s sharp eyes missed nothing: the sagging roof of
the smithy, an abysmally small pile of wooden bands outside the cooper‟s, the scrawny
chickens that scattered into the road ahead of him.
A small boy dressed in thin clothing dashed out after the chickens to chase them from
beneath the destrier‟s hooves, nearly getting himself trampled in the process. A scream
from his mother, restrained from rushing out after her son by an older boy, broke the
silence, swallowing Will‟s own curse as he hauled back on the reins. His beast reared
high, wheeled to the side by his rider‟s demands, then slammed back to the ground in a
loud, forceful jolt that shook the shutters of the nearby leatherworker.
The boy escaped unscathed, but Will dared not stop to ascertain whether any of the
chickens had had their brains smashed by a hoof. The Sheriff of Nottinghamshire‟s
presence was not appreciated in this town, nor in any of the other twenty-some villages of

the county for which he was responsible.
His reputation was as black as the clothing he favored, the warhorse he rode, the
expression on his face. When he approached, the villagers stayed away from him,
cowering behind their shuttered doors in fear of being dragged away for some criminal
offense—real or invented.
Will knew this and did nothing to lessen those fears. He was an agent of the king and,
through him, of the prince. The king had a holy war to finance, and it was the sheriff ‟s
charge to oversee the collection of taxes—regardless of whether the people claimed they
could afford them—and the imposition of justice where necessary. If some of his peers
thought it odd that a landless knight had been named sheriff of this lush green shire that
was home to one of the king‟s most fertile hunting forests, few dared to comment on it.
Those did were told the truth: the king had chosen to reward William de Wendeval for his
father‟s, and his own, years of unwavering service—the specifics of which remained
unspoken.
But today, on this bright and sunny morning in late September, William de Wendeval
was particularly aware of the fear and dislike emanating from behind doors and stable
walls, for he saw it through the eyes of those who rode with him.
Most of the ladies of the court were intimidated and avoided him. Some of the men
respected his father and had known Will himself before he became sheriff, but since his
association with John they‟d become cool and reserved. Will felt their defection more
acutely than the coolness of the women, for some of the noblemen that had withdrawn
their friendship were men that he‟d particularly liked. And as for women . . . well, there
were plenty of maidservants willing to part their legs for a bauble or coin, and they were
far less likely to have possessive husbands or a need to be wooed.
The hunting party had ridden from the keep‟s stables through the bailey area, which was
enclosed by massive, high walls topped by crenellations, and then over its surrounding
moat. That had brought them to the narrow streets of the little town that sprawled beyond,
protected by its own walls.
Now, as they neared the raised portcullis of the village‟s gate, the sound of hunting horns
filled the air. The horses pricked up their ears and increased their gait as the dogs began
to bay in enthusiasm.
Although he‟d arranged the activity, John had declined to join them this morning. He‟d
been lethargic of late (as evidenced by the early end to his night last evening), and sent
them off without him with the instruction to bring back a boar and some harts for dinner.
For a moment Will had expected to be asked to stay behind as well, but John was
distracted by a traveling metalsmith who claimed to have word from the king‟s army in
Jerusalem. Will suspected the man merely wished to show the prince his wares, but he
took the opportunity to slip from the morning meal before John could speak to him.
Now that they were leaving the town, Will let Cauchemar loose, ready to feel the wind on
his face. They were the first to cross the bridge out of town. For a man trained to battle—
and one who preferred riding, jousting, and hunting to indoor activities—the role of
sheriff during a time of relative peace could be stifling. Today, he meant to unleash the
energy and frustration that had been building inside of him, particularly for the last

sennight.
He hoped Robin Hood wouldn‟t be so foolish as to make an appearance today, for it
would truly try his patience.
Cool shadows and the pleasant smell of damp soil and leaves enveloped him as he
entered the woods, and not for the first time he envied Robin Hood his freedom to roam
the forest. Mayhap “freedom” was a poor choice of word, for the man was a wanted
outlaw . . . yet despite that, he did have liberties denied Will, who must fulfill his duties
and retain his honor.
Will yearned to go deeper into the trees, to let go and ride on forever, away from duty and
honor and green-eyed ladies . . . but of course he could not, so he turned Cauchemar in a
wide circle and cantered back to join the others.
As he approached, a gay laugh caught his ear and pulled his eyes to Marian, who rode in
the middle of the group. This day she wore a green gown lushly embroidered with gold
and white along its wide sleeves and a wide hem that fluttered along the side of her
mount. Beneath this gown the tight arms of her bliaud were light blue, as was the veil
pinned to her brilliant hair. Only a narrow swatch of the copper tresses showed at the top
of her forehead, for the rest were bundled demurely up and behind, rounding generously
beneath the veil.
A lot of hair, she had. He could almost feel the weight of it in his hands.
He looked forward to seeing it unbound, swirling around her hips, in all its fiery glory.
‟Twas only a matter of time until he did.

Marian hadn‟t hunted for more than a year, and she was eager to be in the woods. The
hounds had scented something already, and with answering shouts of excitement, the
party started off. She rode next to Sir Roderick, who‟d looked at her in surprise when he
saw the longbow and quiver she wore over her shoulder. She‟d had to assure him she had
no intention of using them for a boar.
“Of course I shouldn‟t use this flimsy weapon for a great beast like that,” she said,
laughing with the delight of the day. “ ‟ Tis only for a hare or mayhap a deer if should I
be so fortunate as to spy one.”
“But you will stay far from the boar in any case,” Roderick cautioned.
“I shall indeed, for I value my own neck!” She laughed again.
At that moment, the dark figure of William de Wendeval emerged from the shadows of
the forest, cantering in their direction after having galloped off ahead of the group
moments ago.
Already a tall, imposing man, he appeared even more forbidding on the massive horse,
with his wide shoulders, hawk nose, and unrelieved dark clothing. Though the standard of
Nottingham was embroidered along the edges of his tunic, those colors were muted: dark
blue and green on black, with only a smattering of burgundy in the design.
He looked directly at her as she laughed, and Marian felt her gaiety quelled. Would he
come over to her, publicly claiming her as he‟d done last night?

Will‟s actions last evening in the great hall had not been commented on by any of her
companions, and although it was likely a futile wish, she hoped that none of them had
been able to see who it was that the sheriff had backed up against the wall. Many of them
had been facing the high table or the center of the hall, where the jongleurs were still
playing, and his large body may well have blocked sight of her own . . . from everyone
except the prince.
Marian turned away from Will‟s gaze, which had lingered heavily. She pushed aside the
awareness of what they‟d shared last evening, and slammed her heels into the sides of her
horse, ready to leave the thoughts—and him—behind.
She took off after the hunters who barreled through the woods, fast and furious, following
the hounds as they ran down their prey. When the boar was sighted, shouts and cries rose
from the men, who‟d followed more closely than the ladies—for ‟twas only a fool who
came too close to the murderous red-eyed beasts without a spear to thrust home. Ladies
did not have the strength to drive one through the tough brindle of the fast and furious
boar.
As the men charged off, the women rode along together at a less frantic, yet still
exhilarating, pace that allowed them the opportunity to gossip and chat. The tiny Alys
rode next to Marian, who on her other side found Lady Joanna, who seemed to be
particularly smug this day.
“And he wrapped this around my wrist and tugged me into a dark corner,” Joanna said,
waving what appeared to be a scrap of green ribbon.
“Were you not frightened?” asked Lady Pauletta, who‟d pulled her mare up closer to the
group to admire the ribbon.
“Nay, indeed, for he was so witty and charming. And of course I knew that I could call
for help if I must, for Lord Burle had just left my side. But I had no need for that.” Joanna
looked across Alys‟s horse at Marian. “Did you find Robin Hood frightening when he
accosted your wagons, Lady Marian?”
“A bit disconcerting,” she replied, “but not terribly frightening.” Robin had been in
Ludlow Keep last night? What on earth had possessed him to be so bold?
“He was in the keep?” Alys said, echoing Marian‟s thoughts. “How foolish of the man to
be wandering about the very place his enemies sleep.”
“I did not realize how brave he is,” Joanna said, fairly crooning at her ribbon. “Brave and
kind.”
“Brave and kind?” Alys scoffed. “Foolish is a better word, aye, Marian?”
“But he did not kiss you, and leave you with his favor, did he?” Joanna said, fluttering
said favor in the breeze. “He is a beautiful kisser. I vow you would change your mind if
he did so.”
“You say the man is kind?” Marian asked. “By kissing you in the corner?”
“Nay, of course not,” Lady Pauletta said. “You must have heard the tales of how he helps
the villagers—poor sots that they are. They consider him some sort of hero for delivering
chickens and goats, and once even spreading a bit of coin among them.”
“The goods he purchases with the money he steals from the king,” Alys said drily. “An
outlaw indeed.”

“But he does not keep it for himself,” protested Joanna. “He uses it for the good of the
poor. And he is wickedly handsome, is he not, Marian? Or did he wear his famous hood
when he met you?”
The others looked at Marian. Oh, indeed, Robin of the Hood was wickedly handsome,
and charming . . . and a delightful kisser. And bold and brave and foolish all at once. To
risk himself by sneaking into the keep when the sheriff could catch sight of him at any
moment . . .
Marian realized her companions expected a response. “He is not hard on the eyes,” she
conceded.
“Ware!” came a sudden shout, followed by frenzied crashing in the bushes.
The women looked up to see swaying and shuddering deep in the brush, and in an instant
saw that they were in the path of the hunt.
Marian gathered up her reins, wheeling her horse to the side and away, kicking it into a
gallop. The other women scattered as the cries of the hounds became louder and more
frantic, and the bellows of the men echoed through the forest as they bore down on the
very place they‟d been riding.
Smiling with delight, Marian bent low over her mount‟s neck as they tore through the
wood, safely away from the path of the boar and deeper into the shadows. She ducked
and dodged as the branches raced past and over her, and buried her face into the soft coat
of her horse when they came too close. By the time she turned to see if the others had
followed, the sounds of the pursuit had waned into the distance. She was breathing
heavily from exertion and excitement, her heart pounding. She straightened in the saddle
and realized the veil had been torn from her head during the pell-mell ride, and that half
the arrows had fallen from her quiver.
The sound of a triumphant horn in the distance signaled that the boar had been brought
down. Marian turned her horse, starting back toward the others. She hadn‟t gone far when
suddenly a figure dropped from the tree, landing on the ground in front of her.
Half-expecting to see Robin, at first Marian wasn‟t alarmed. But when she saw the size of
the burly man, and the threatening stance he took in front of her, she reared back in her
saddle, pulling on the reins again. Then another soft thud sounded behind her, and then
another on either side.
Twisting in her seat, she turned to look, hoping to see Robin . . . but none of the men
were familiar to her. Nor did they seem at all friendly or good-natured. In unkempt
clothing and with grimy faces, they didn‟t even appear to be members of Robin‟s band—
for yesterday the bandits who‟d accompanied him had been as well clothed and clean as
he.
“Co‟mere, fine leuedy,” said the first man in deep, guttural English. “Wha‟ ha‟ ye fer our
greed‟ hands?” He lunged for her horse‟s bridle, and Marian screamed, yanking
frantically at the reins. The horse reared up and it was all she could do to clutch at her
mane and pray that the saddle straps did not give way, and she did not lose her seat.
Hands pawed at her as the men moved closer to the dancing, skittish horse. The largest of
them tossed a cloth over her mare‟s head, covering her eyes, and immediately the horse
began to settle.

Marian screamed again, belatedly remembering her bow. Struggling to hold on with only
one hand and her leg curled around the pommel of her saddle, she managed to reach
around and pull one of her few remaining arrows from the quiver. Stabbing at the hands
reaching for her, she hauled on the reins.
Suddenly a whistle sounded through the air, and she head the faint whiz of an arrow
shooting past her. One of the men near her froze, then dropped to the ground as another
arrow, and then another, found their marks.
With cries of anguish, Marian‟s attackers fell or ran away as Robin Hood leapt down
from the branches above.
“Marian, are you hurt?” he asked as several other men emerged from the shadows. At
first, she tensed, wondering whether they were his companions or other attackers. But
when Robin did not turn from his concern for her, she knew they were his companions.
“I am not hurt, only startled and a bit frightened,” she replied, realizing she was
shaking—yet still clutching the arrow she‟d been using as a weapon. It had been a very
near thing, and the revelation that those men could easily have taken her off into the deep
woods, and . . . well, it did not bear thinking about.
“What were you doing so far from the hunting party?” Robin chided, looking up at her
from the ground. He‟d taken the reins of her horse and looped them into his hand. His
eyes danced brightly and his sensual mouth curved in a mischievous smile.
Marian had her breathing under control now, and saw that Robin‟s men had melted back
into the forest, taking the wounded bandits with them. “The boar was coming, and we ran
to get out of its way. I didn‟t realize how far I‟d gone.”
That was a bald lie, for Marian was honest enough with herself to admit that she‟d
allowed her horse to run far and long, away from the hunters, in hopes of this very thing
happening: that Robin would find her. And from the expression on his face, he suspected
the same.
Of course, she did not expect that she would have been set upon by a different group of
outlaws in the same forest, as odd as that might be. If there hadn‟t been some very real
arrows shot, and some definite cries of pain and the smell of blood, Marian might even
have suspected that Robin had arranged the episode so that he would have the chance to
appear to rescue her.
But she didn‟t care. She‟d wanted to see him, wanted not only to talk with him about how
she might be able to help him evade the sheriff . . . but also to kiss him again.
“You could have been hurt, or worse,” Robin said. This time, there was a note of
seriousness in his voice. Before she could respond, he pulled her down from the saddle.
“There are outlaws that roam these woods,” he added, his voice low in her ear as she half
fell against him.
“How was I to know that there was another group of bandits besides your own merry
men?” she replied tartly, pulling away to stand on her own. He stood very close and was
looking down at her with a particular light in his eyes.
“My merry men, as you call them, are not so desperate as those men who accosted you
this day,” he said, again being serious. “These were men who have nothing to lose, and
may even go so far as to harm a noblewoman in the stead of ransoming her. They have

lost their homes and the lands they‟ve farmed for Ludlow for generations. They hate the
prince and his agent, the sheriff . . . and all the gentry equally.”
Now he closed his fingers around her hand and tugged her away from the small clearing
created by the altercation. The horse followed docilely behind Robin, who still held on to
the reins.
“They‟ve lost their homes? Because of the king‟s taxes, and the sheriff?” Marian knew
that Robin spoke the truth and he was not exaggerating the role he‟d played in saving her.
There had been an empty, feral light in the eyes of the man who had first grabbed her, as
if he, indeed, did not have anything to lose.
“The sheriff has collected the taxes, aye, of course, and that has left many of the people
of this shire homeless and without position. Some of them are more desperate than others,
for they also have resorted to stealing or murder for gain.”
“You and your men,” she asked, looking up at him, “do you murder?”
“Nay, Marian, what do you take me for?” Robin asked. “I may be an outlaw, a landless
lord, but I still have my honor. That I shall never lose. And when Richard returns, all will
be set to right.” He paused, but did not release her hand as he looped the horse‟s reins
tightly around a sapling. “And that which I st—borrow from the wealthy. What I take is
no more than what John takes off the top of the king‟s coffers for his own trunks—none
of which is accounted for to Richard. I keep only that which I need to live upon—and in
the wood, ‟tis very little—and the rest is shared among the villagers, Marian. I am an
outlaw, but I steal to live.”
She believed him, believed that while he enjoyed the adventure and the daring, he also
meant his gains to help others.
“Where are we going?” she asked as he began pushing through the brush and she realized
just how far they‟d gone into the wood.
He looked back down at her, his good humor showing once more. “The sheriff will soon
be on your trail—for your scream echoed through the wood and likely woke the bats and
owls from their sound sleep. ‟Twas only good fortune that my men and I were near
enough to arrive first.”
“Good fortune, or sly planning?” Marian asked, ducking under a low-hanging branch.
She did not care that sticks and leaves clung to her sagging braids, or that the train of her
riding gown—which was extra long in order to create a fashionable image while spread
over the rump of her horse—dragged through the dirt. She was with Robin. Her heart
pounded in anticipation and her lips curved in a teasing smile as she glanced up at him.
“Most definitely sly planning,” he confessed with a grin. “Did you not know I wished to
see you again?”
“I could not have guessed it, knowing that you have spread your favors among the other
ladies. Joanna could not have been prouder if the green ribbon you gave her had come
from the king himself.” She realized she was still carrying her arrow, which was tipped
with blood from the hands of her attacker, and she paused to wipe it clean on a mossy
tree.
Robin snorted in a derisive fashion. “The king would no sooner gift a lady with his favor
than I would grant mine to the Sheriff of Nottinghamshire.”

Marian had heard tales of King Richard‟s disinterest in women—an anomaly, considering
the lusty blood from both father and mother that flowed in his veins. Whether he suffered
from a different affliction, and preferred men—as some believed—or whether he was
merely too busy making war to care about the fair sex, no one was certain. At any rate, he
had recently espoused Princess Berengaria of Navarre in a hasty wedding, and by all
accounts had consummated the marriage.
Slipping the clean arrow back into her quiver, Marian chided, “But you were sneaking
through the halls of Ludlow Keep! Robin, how foolish of you.”
At that moment, he stopped and spun her sharply about. The quiver slipped to the edge of
her shoulder. Marian felt the solid trunk of a tree behind her, and the rough bark under
her hands, pressing into the back of her head as he crowded close to her.
“I wanted to see you, Marian,” he said. “I was well aware of my risk.” He gripped her
arm as his other hand moved toward her head, and she felt her sagging hair loosen even
further. “I hoped to see you last eve, to ensure that you returned to the keep safely.”
“You know I was safe with the sheriff. With Will.” There . . . she‟d said it—reminded
him that they both knew the sheriff from their childhoods.
Yet he avoided acknowledgment of that fact. “Being with the sheriff does not mean that
you are safe,” Robin said, leaning closer to her as he moved his hand from her hair. His
leg slid between hers, his knee bowing into the heavy folds of her gown as his hands slid
up and along her shoulders. “He is greatly feared, and with good reason. Tell me, now:
what is between you two? I saw him leaving your chamber last night.”
Marian would have drawn herself up in indignation and surprise upon learning that he
had spied on her, but he was pressing her so close against the tree, lining his body up
against hers, that she had nowhere to go.
She found it difficult to keep her mind clear and her thoughts focused when he did so,
for, in truth, Marian was feeling more than a mild response to his hard body. If only
‟twere Robin who had claimed her in the hall last night.
But she captured her wild thoughts and said, “You saw the sheriff leave my chamber?”
“I cannot stand to imagine you with him, Marian. He is so cold, so angry and cruel. Tell
me he hasn‟t hurt you.”
“He has caused me no injury,” she replied, though the memories of the carnality in John‟s
chambers brought a warm flush to her cheeks, and a renewed awareness to the pit of her
belly. “He seeks to protect me from John‟s attentions, ‟tis all.”
Robin‟s face darkened and his sensual lips twisted. “Is that the tale he has told you? He
must speak a lie for a woman to spread her legs for him?” His breath was warm, but not
unpleasantly so, on her face.
“I have not spread my legs for him,” she said, anger replacing the languor he‟d begun to
coax from her. She‟d expected a kiss, not an insult, and she struggled to push him away.
But Robin had strong hands, and the pressure of his body kept her imprisoned against the
tree. He captured her arms, pulling her hands away from where they pushed against his
chest. “Forgive me, Marian,” he said. “I should not have said such a thing. ‟Tis true that I
am jealous, knowing that you can be with him—or anyone, even that blockhead Burle—
while I must lurk in the wood like a criminal.”

She looked up at him. “And if you are jealous of Will, who simply left my chamber after
ensuring there was no one hiding within,” she said tartly, wondering why she chose to
defend the sheriff rather than ask Robin for help, “all the while you confess your
affections for me . . . how should I feel, knowing that you spend your time drawing other
ladies into the shadows to kiss them?”
He smiled down at her, his disgruntled expression disappearing. “Marian, is it possible
that you are jealous? My heart be still, I can only hope that it is so.”
“Not jealous so much as befuddled by your foolishness in moving about the keep. What if
you were caught? The sheriff—Will—could come upon you at any time.”
“Have no fear. I shall not be caught.” His lips came closer as his fingers curled around
her upper arms. “I cannot resist being near you,” he murmured as his mouth fitted over
hers.
Marian closed her eyes, lifting her face to meet him. His lips opened wide to devour hers,
and his tongue was sleek and strong in her mouth, delving deeply as his hands slid to
cover her breasts. Her nipples reacted to his touch, tightening beneath the pressure of his
palms, and Marian realized that whatever she‟d done to relieve her tension this morning
had not fully tamped away her body‟s need. Or else . . . it had merely whetted her
appetite for something more. It was as if she had awakened to pleasure.
“Why do you not stay with me?” Robin asked, pulling away enough to take in a breath
and speak. “You will be safe here in Sherwood, and I vow,” he said, pressing the bulge of
his cock into her belly, “you will not regret it.”
“Stay with an outlaw?” she asked, angling her mouth away even as the rest of her body
moved closer. “But, Robin, I cannot.”
“But there are so many delightful things about being with an outlaw,” he murmured,
drawing her hands away from his chest to above her head, pressing the backs of them
against the rough bark of the tree. “The woods are filled with surprises.” Leaning against
her, hip to hip, leg merged with leg, he was smiling as he bent to kiss her again.
“But, Robin, that is what I wished to speak with you about,” she began as she became
engulfed in the kiss.
He transferred one hand to his other grip, leaving one set of his fingers free to slip down
over the curve of her throat and to cup her breast while her wrists were captured above
her head. Then his hand left her breast and reached down to lift the weight of her gown,
crumpling it in an awkward wad between them. She felt the fresh air through her light
woolen hose and the brush of his strong leg between hers.
He pressed his thigh up into her quim and she felt something near her wrist, twisting
around it. . . .
“Robin, what are you about?” she asked, pulling her face away.
“The sheriff is coming,” he murmured, slipping his fingers up beneath her gown and
chemise, up until he cupped the warmth between her legs. “And I must go, but I shall
leave you with something that Joanna of Wardhamshire cannot claim.”
“Robin,” she hissed, and then she heard it—the thrashing through the brush in the
distance. Coming closer . . . and yet Robin‟s palm pressed down onto her mons as if he
had all the time he needed.

“Nay, sweeting,” he said, laughing into her mouth as his fingers slid inside her. “Ah, you
are ready for me, aren‟t you?” he said, pushing his fingers up inside her slick opening.
Marian gasped, catching her breath as his thumb found the hard little nub that pulsed
anew, teasing it back and forth, slowly. . . . The now-familiar tingle gathered there in the
recess of her belly, and her nipples knotted, thrusting against the soft linen of her
chemise. He rubbed and flickered against her, his fingers moving deep inside, up and
hard, as if he were fucking her, as he breathed softly into her neck.
“Ah, yes,” he whispered, “come along, sweeting, come along.”
Caught by the pleasure, lulled by his voice, she ground her head back against the tree, her
hair catching on the rough bark, her hands looped above helplessly to the tree by some
trick of Robin‟s.
Robin leaned into her, kissing her neck, the pads of his fingers spreading up into the folds
of her quim, jolting her hard little pearl. The crashing in the bushes became louder as her
pleasure built, and Marian bit her lip as the needy ache tightened and she felt her body
gather up as it did, ready to slip over.
“Hurry, my sweet, hurry,” Robin coaxed, moving his fingers faster and deeper, using the
pad of his finger to tickle her as he drove inside.
The bark pushed into her skull and her uneasy hips, her eyes closed and mouth parted as
she gasped in the air, wanting . . . knowing . . . she heard the crash in the bush . . . the
sound of her name . . . felt the frantic jiggling of Robin‟s fingers, and suddenly it all
exploded into a burst of pleasure and noise and great, deep, gasping breaths.
She may have cried out; she definitely heard Will shout, “Locksley!” and was aware of
the sudden wuft of her layers of clothing falling back into place. There were vague sounds
that melded with her world of pleasure: a solid thud, the rustling of brush, a faint shaking
of the tree as if someone climbed or danced past it. The erotic tremors still shuddered
through her, and when she opened her eyes, it was not Robin‟s dancing blue ones in front
of her but the hard, dark ones that had haunted her since yestereve.
Gasping in shock at their intensity, Marian pulled her gaze away, fully aware that she
stood tied to a tree, flush with pleasure, sated. She dared not look at Will, hoping that he
wouldn‟t recognize what had just occurred.
He stood in front of her, and suddenly he was pulling at the ivy Robin had used to affix
her wrists to the tree. His face was inscrutable, his cheeks hollow as if he was drawing
them in tightly. But he was empty-handed. And Robin was gone.
He‟d escaped once again.
Will said nothing as he pulled sharply at the bonds that kept her to the tree, and Marian
did not know what to say. As the fog of pleasure slipped away, she began to realize what
Robin had done, and how his actions had enabled him to flee yet again.
Leaving her in dishabille and tied to a tree had allowed him to escape at the last
moment—just as Will approached—for the sheriff would not pursue him and leave
Marian in such a state.
“I would ask if you were hurt,” Will said as the vines fell away, “but ‟tis quite clear that
is not the case.”
Marian swallowed and felt heat rise in her cheeks. His dark eyes glittered as his large

hand rested on the tree next to her head. She could see it from the corner of her eye and
realized how close he was standing to her. Her breath felt heavy and she found that she
couldn‟t find a safe place to look.
“Will,” was all she could say, and she knew it sounded woefully weak and breathy.
He turned away, pulling a horn from his belt. Putting it to his lips, he blew a long, low
sound . . . once, then twice . . . then replaced the horn.
“To signal that I‟ve found you, and that all is well.” His gaze raked over her again, dark
and scornful. “If I‟d known ‟twas merely a lovers‟ quarrel, I would not have pushed
Cauchemar into a lather to get here.”
“I was set upon by bandits,” Marian told him coolly. “They would have torn me off my
horse and taken me away if Robin had not come upon us.”
“Locksley‟s men are indeed fearsome,” Will replied, his voice dry.
“Nay, they were no friends of Robin,” she said. “They were desperate and violent. Robin
intervened, along with some of his real men, and they had a battle in which many were
injured.”
“ ‟ Twould not surprise me if Locksley arranged for such an ambush in order to show his
outlaw heart in a new and sympathetic light.”
Marian opened her mouth to retort, but found that she needed to close it. For had she not
also suspected the same? “So you do recognize him,” she said instead.
“Aye, how could I not? Locksley has not changed a whit from the rash boy I knew at
Mead‟s Vale. A skilled longbowman, aye, and a pillow-hearted fool. But also a man with
a very large opinion of himself who believes he needn‟t pay for his actions.”
“But he is a hero in the eyes of the simple people,” she said, taking a pleading step
toward Will. “The villagers are bled dry by this war, and the greed of—” She stopped
herself, aware of the accusation she was about to make to a confidant of the accused.
“They lose their houses and lands—they haven‟t the resources to pay the taxes demanded
of them. I saw them today, how they duck and hide. . . .” Her voice trailed off again.
“When I approach,” Will finished flatly. “Aye, ‟tis true. But you forget, Lady Marian,
that I am bound by duty to King Richard to collect those funds, and to see that justice is
served in this shire. If that includes fitting a rope necklet about your lover‟s throat, then
so be it.” He stepped closer to her. “But may I suggest that you have a care for yourself?
For if the prince learns that you are . . . close . . . to Robin Hood, I cannot guarantee your
safety.”
Marian stepped back and felt the tree behind her again. “You cannot guarantee my safety
anyway,” she returned, conscious that her heart was pounding crazily. He was so large,
and dark and tall, and his expression was so forbidding. Yet, she felt herself gather up
inside, taut and keenly aware of the man before her. The man who claimed I am no saint.
“And if tales are carried to the prince of my friendship with Robin,” she continued,
though her mouth had dried, “I will know from whom they‟ve come.”
When she stepped back, he did not follow but stood unmoving, looking down at her.
“John is watching you . . . and us . . . very closely, Marian. You seem to be unable to
comprehend his determination to have whatever he wishes. And he is very interested in
having you.”

Her stomach pitched at his stark words, and she could find nothing to say. There was
naught in Will‟s face or demeanor that suggested softness, or worry.
“Now,” he said, turning away, “I will return you to the hunt. Then I‟ll lead a party into
the wood to flush out this band of desperate outlaws who attacked you.” He glanced back
at her as he approached his monster of a horse. “If indeed they do exist.”

CHAPTER 6
R obin smelled Marian‟s musky scent when he raised his fingers to his mouth to make a
grackle‟s call, announcing his arrival to the man on watch. He made the bird‟s cry, then
sniffed his fingers again and smiled. A lusty woman, and one who would not soon forget
him.
The responding call of a slightly higher-pitched grackle indicated that it was safe for
Robin to approach the treetop hideaway he and his men had built. Deep in Sherwood,
aloft in a cluster of sky-brushing pine and oak trees, they‟d constructed a generous
building higher than any man would tend to look. And even if he did so, he‟d see little
but shadows, branches, and thick pine needles.
A rope ladder dropped down and he clambered up quickly. Someone was nearly always
left on guard in the tree house, but in the event that everyone had been called away, the
rope ladder was left up inside the hideaway and the first arrival climbed up using the less
direct route of branch to branch, tree to tree.
“What ho,” Robin said as his head rose above the floor of the building. “Any news?” He
glanced briefly around and saw that three of his men sat or crouched about the room . . .
and then he saw her.
“Aye, now.” Robin smiled and climbed the rest of the way into the room, pulling up the
ladder automatically behind him. “And who might this be?”
At first he didn‟t recognize her, for she‟d been sitting in the shadows . . . but at his
greeting, she stood and moved into the dappled light that filtered through the leafy trees
above and around them. “Release me at once,” she demanded.
It was the woman he‟d noticed last eve, in the great hall. The girlish one with the pretty
heart-shaped face whose name he didn‟t know. She was also the one who‟d been riding
alongside Marian and Joanna today during the hunt. He‟d heard just that part of their
conversation as he watched their approach from high in the trees, hoping to catch Marian
alone.
As he recalled, this woman had called him foolish, with great disdain dripping from her
voice. She‟d been jealous, for she was the only one of the ladies who hadn‟t had the
pleasure of a visit from the outlaw.
Robin could easily rectify that.
“My lady,” he said with a flourishing bow. “You are welcome to our little hideaway in
the trees. May I introduce myself?”

“I am well aware of your identity,” the woman replied. She was standing straight and as
tall as her petite figure would allow—which was not so very tall at all. Mayhap she
would reach to his shoulder. If she stood on her toes.
“Then you must have the advantage of me,” Robin said, still smiling.
He glanced at his boon companion John Little, who for all his great size and burliness
appeared to be more than a bit cowed by this slip of femininity. Despite her diminutive
figure, she was most definitely a woman. A woman with breasts the size of the very large
oranges Robin had eaten in Greece, a tiny begirdled waist, and rounded hips. And lush
pink lips that, if they deigned to pout, would look like crinkled velvet petals . . . but at
this moment were flattened into a line oozing with disgust.
“I demand that you release me, Robin Hood,” she said. “Your men had no right to bring
me here.” She crossed her arms under those lovely breasts and, for a moment, Robin
found himself distracted as they lifted, adjusted, and jiggled gently.
Then he realized that silence had fallen and all were waiting for him to respond. “But
how did you come to be here?” he asked, allowing a sympathetic sparkle to come into his
eyes.
“My horse threw a shoe,” she said. Of necessity, her mouth relaxed a bit. Her upper lip
was more full and luscious than her lower lip, and right then, Robin knew where he
wanted that lovely mouth to be. His cock, which had been raging since he left Marian tied
to the tree, lifted yet again, boldly reminding him that it had been much too long since it
had been somewhere dark and moist and tight.
Mayhap she would be friendlier if they were alone.
Robin looked at the three men who‟d edged away from the woman as soon as their leader
arrived: John Little, Allan-a-Dale, and a most uncomfortable-looking Friar Tuck, dressed
in his robes. “Is there aught you can attend to below while my lady and I converse?”
They didn‟t need to be asked twice, for John leapt out of his seat as quickly as his bulk
allowed and tossed the rope ladder down without hesitation. “Aye,” he said, giving no
excuse as he disappeared down the ladder, the ropes straining and creaking against the
wooden floor.
“A brace of hares would make a nice stew this night,” Allan said, moving just as eagerly
toward the opening. “Tuck, would you like to come along with me and carry my extra
arrows?”
Moments later, Robin and the blond woman were left alone. She‟d done nothing but
stand there, arms crossed under her breasts, foot tapping on the floor beneath the
overlong hem of her riding gown.
“I do hope you don‟t intend to rape me now,” she said. Annoyance—not fear or even
apprehension—blazed through every pore of her fine body.
Robin blinked and closed his mouth. Then opened it. “My lady, I should never resort to
such an assault.” He smiled comfortingly at her.
“Clearly ‟tis because you believe you would never have to. I vow, the size of your head is
like to burst the walls of this house.”
He watched her, unable to take his eyes away from her rich honey-colored hair, and the
lift of her dainty chin. Let alone able to formulate a response to such a statement. No

wonder John Little and the others had fled. He wondered how long they‟d been cooped
up in here with her.
She turned away and paced across the room, the only sound that of her fine wool bliaud
catching on the rough floor and a faint whistle through the trees. He watched the smooth
curve of her bottom as it swayed enticingly with each step. Robin felt the urge to clear his
throat, for it had suddenly become very dry.
“If you believe that I am one of those foolish ladies who cannot resist the lure of an
outlaw, you are dangerously mistaken. I will not be swooning at the prospect of your
kisses. I demand to be returned to Ludlow immediately.”
“I will return you, my lady. I vow it. But, if you please, will you not give me your
name?”
“Lady Alys of Wentworth,” she said with a great sigh. “Now that your curiosity is
assuaged, shall we go?”
“Alys,” he said, savoring the taste of it on his tongue. “A lovely name.”
The fascinating woman he itched to touch, to see if she was as soft and smelled as good
as he suspected, gave an indelicate snort. “And the next I know, like every other man,
you‟ll be waxing rhapsodic over my sea blue eyes, and the velvet of my crushed-petal
lips, and my long flowing tresses of golden hair.”
Robin closed his mouth again. Damn.
She made a sharp gesture of dismissal at him. “Do you think I have not heard it all
before, O Robin Hood? Do you think I do not know how tongue-tied and cow-eyed men
turn when they are near me? ‟Tis a curse,” she said, pacing the room in earnest now. “ ‟
Tisn‟t enough that I must deal with the frog-eyed barons or high-reaching knights greedy
not only for my lands but for my person—but now I must be whisked away to a treetop
hideaway and suffer the courtship of an outlaw.”
“I do not court you,” Robin burst out in disdain.
“Indeed?” She stopped and turned to look at him. “You do not court me. You do not
intend to rape me. . . . Why, then, Robin Hood, are we still here? Ah. It must be that you
intend to hold me for ransom. It certainly cannot be that you‟ve been giving me mooning
dog eyes and preening about like a cock so that I will kiss you.”
“So that is what you want,” Robin said, his eyes narrowing in delight. A smile tickled his
mouth. He was in front of her in a moment, his hands closing around her upper arms, his
feet planted on the hem of her gown. “A kiss. Why did you not say so, Lady Alys?”
Her blue eyes flashed sparks and her luscious mouth opened, but Robin found a most
efficient way to close it. And to block out the pretend outrage in her eyes.
He dragged her up against him, his mouth on hers, at last touching those lush, top-heavy
lips. She stiffened against him, pushing. He was gentle . . . but firm. Alys tasted as sweet
as he‟d expected, her tongue small and slick and naive, tangling with his stronger one.
He closed his mouth over that full top lip that so enticed him, gently sucking and licking
it, unable to get enough of the taste, of the softness. Her breasts crushed into his chest,
and the thick locks of her hair tangled in his fingers as he smoothed his hands up her
slender back, pulling her close . . . melding her against him.
At last she wrenched her face away and the next thing Robin knew, his right ear was

ringing from the slap.
He could not recall the last time he‟d been slapped by a woman.
In fact, he couldn‟t remember any time that he‟d been so rebuffed.
“I shall have the sheriff after you,” she spit, her blue eyes furious. “How dare you!”
Robin didn‟t have the energy to laugh at her threat. He was out of breath, the room still
spun, and ‟sblood, her lips were even more lush now. Her cheeks burned pink; her hair—
its fashioning having long fallen out—swirled about her hips, where her hands were now
planted like those of an angry fishwife.
“I do believe the sheriff is already after me,” Robin said when he‟d caught his breath.
“I shall tell him where your hideout is,” she retorted.
Robin couldn‟t help but laugh, though he wasn‟t quite certain why. He‟d just been
slapped by this little fairy of a woman, his cheek still throbbed from it, and he couldn‟t
wait to get her back into his arms again. “You are fortunate that I am not of the ilk of
some other bandits that lurk about in these woods. Such men would be more likely to slay
you on the spot than allow you to carry tales.”
For the first time, her bravado faltered. But then the sparkle was back in her eyes. “But
you shall demand a ransom for me, and will move me, well hooded, I trow, to another
safe place so that I cannot carry tales.”
“My, how much you know of the tricks of an outlaw, Lady Alys.”
“Nay, ‟tis naught but common sense that I speak.”
“But now you speak of ransom . . . so you‟ve decided to stay with us, then, Lady Alys?
Not in so much of a hurry to leave?” Robin asked. “And I would have returned you to
Ludlow this very moment. But instead, I must cipher a ransom note.” He tsked, shaking
his head. “But how much are you worth, my lady?”
Alys tossed her head. “Send a ransom note, then,” she scoffed. “The sheriff will use it as
an opportunity to capture you.”
“Nottingham could not capture me if I came and stood in his chamber at Ludlow,” Robin
felt compelled to say. He didn‟t care for the way she spoke about Nottingham, the
certainty and admiration in her voice for the black devil.
“I trow he would not force his kiss upon a lady,” she added, with a surprisingly sharp bolt
to his heart. One of her blond eyebrows rose in a perfect arch.
“So ‟tis Nottingham you desire,” Robin said. “I find that difficult to believe, for the ladies
I know turn tail and run when he approaches. They fear him as the villagers do.”
“I do not think he is as cruel as he appears,” Alys replied with startling perception. “He is
angry, but he does not take it out on the innocent.”
“The tales that come to my ears speak otherwise.”
She lifted her chin again. “And they are tales, and nay more. I‟ve not seen it. And he
certainly doesn‟t force kisses upon the women.”
“And so we are back to the kisses once more,” Robin said, finding himself moving closer
to her again. “Mayhap I shall demand a ransom of sorts from you, rather than money
from your father . . . or husband.”
“Is that your inept way of trying to learn who shall be after your head once I am freed?”
Alys retorted. But she did not step back this time, instead standing her ground as he

placed himself directly in front of her. A lock of her hip-length hair curled boldly out,
nearly brushing against his tunic just above the belt.
“Inept?” Robin said, feeling his mouth twitch into a smile again. “I do not think many
consider me inept . . . in any fashion.” He stepped forward and felt the titillating whisk of
another curl against his hand, which remained at his side. Looking down at her, he could
see each of her thick lashes. “The only ransom I wish to collect from you, Lady Alys, is
one kiss. Given willingly.” His voice was rich and low even to his ears.
“And then you will take me back to Ludlow?” she asked. She sounded a little out of
breath. Not quite as strident as before.
“And then I will take you back to Ludlow. If you still wish to go.”
She raised her face, lifting those gorgeous lips, and Robin bent to meet them. Softly, he
pressed against her mouth, so softly. He barely touched her lips, brushing them with his,
opening his mouth to close around her upper lip, licking its underside slowly . . . gently.
He felt his breath gathering again, his eyes closing, his knees weakening.
And then it was over. She stepped away.
He opened his eyes.
She was looking up at him, speechless.
And then the mood broke when she said, “There. Now you shall return me. And I hope
that the sheriff catches you when you do.”
There it was . . . the sheriff again. Robin frowned, then tamped back his annoyance. “I‟m
certain you shall tell him everything you know,” he said, matching her cool tone.
“I should warn you,” Alys said, crossing her arms again, and this time, he didn‟t allow
himself to be distracted, “I will keep no secrets from the sheriff. If you should approach
me again—especially in the halls of the keep as you‟ve foolishly done to Lady Joanna—I
shall raise such a hue and cry that you will never see these trees again.”
“Then I shall make certain if I do approach you that I shall keep that lovely mouth of
yours otherwise engaged.”
And with that, he dropped down the rope ladder.
“After you, Lady Alys.”

Marian did not venture into the great hall for the midday meal. Instead, she sent
Ethelberga to procure some cheese and bread for her repast while she sat in her chamber.
Positioning a small table directly beneath the peephole, where she could not be seen by
anyone looking through the hole, she took a piece of parchment from deep within her
trunk. A bottle of ink and three quills followed, and she settled at the table to write to the
queen. The foolscap had been scraped clean many times, but with care, so there was only
a single hole near the bottom. As she wrote, Marian avoided the few thin spots on the
parchment so that the ink wouldn‟t bleed.
Although Ethelberga was aware that her mistress could read and write—an unusual feat
for a woman, and, indeed, for most men who weren‟t priests—Marian didn‟t wish for her
to know that she was doing so at this time. A simple mention of her mistress writing a

letter could lead to questions or curiosity from others.
It was one thing for a woman to send and receive letters that, in most cases, would need
to be dictated to, or read to her by, a priest or other learned man, but Eleanor preferred
that her ladies be able to do such tasks on their own. Fewer eyes and ears to notice them.
She‟d come to trust Marian after noting that the younger woman could hold her tongue
after assisting the queen in scribing personal messages. At first they‟d been simple,
unimportant ones, but as her confidence in Marian grew, Eleanor had used her for moresensitive communications.
Marian had little to report to the queen other than her safe arrival at Ludlow, so her
missive took little time to finish. She‟d sprinkled sand over it to dry the ink, then folded
and sealed it long before Ethelberga returned.
After eating her cheese and bread, Marian left her chamber in search of one of the
messengers Eleanor had told her to use when communicating. Just as she preferred her
ladies to compose their own missives, she also trained them well on the trustworthiness
of messengers, teaching them which ones to use. And which ones to avoid.
Down in the hall, which had emptied of most diners after the meal, Marian managed to
catch the attention of one of the messengers she sought. She‟d murmured for him to meet
her privately in the bailey when she felt something stir in the room behind her. Without
looking, she knew Will had entered the hall, and tension crept over her shoulders, along
with an uncomfortable tingling in her belly.
She avoided looking at him and walked purposely out of the hall through one of the side
entrances, planning to take a circuitous route to her meeting place with Twilly, the
messenger.
Out in the warm sunshine, Marian moved quickly to the apple tree at the edge of the herb
garden. It had long since bloomed, and now boasted a myriad of small green apples.
Twilly was already waiting, fortunately, and she quickly gave him the missive, along
with her quiet, terse instruction to deliver it into the queen‟s hands only. There wasn‟t
much of substance to report yet, but Marian wouldn‟t risk the security of future missives
through carelessness. Satisfied that he understood the importance of discretion, she
pressed a coin into his palm and turned to start back into the keep.
Her heart leapt into her throat when she saw Will standing there.
Praise God, he wasn‟t close enough to have heard anything she‟d said, and he wasn‟t
even looking in her direction . . . until now. As if her sighting him had been an invisible
string that pulled at him, he turned and their eyes met.
Marian kept her face blank as she continued on her path and hoped that Twilly had gone
on his way in a different direction before Will noticed that they‟d been in the same
vicinity. He would likely recognize one of the queen‟s messengers, and was smart
enough to wonder at her conversing with him.
She nodded to Will and would have walked past if he had not moved into her path.
“Marian,” he said. He looked at her, then glanced in the direction of the apple tree . . .
where Twilly had been standing.
“Yes?” She couldn‟t look directly up at him, for he was too tall and the sun too bright.
“Have you seen Alys of Wentworth since we returned this morning?” As he spoke, he

moved slightly toward her into the shadow of the small herbary.
This allowed her to step out of the sun and look up at him, her fingers brushing against
the rough wooden wall. “Nay,” she answered, recognizing something like concern in his
face. “I‟ve not seen her since we were separated during the hunt.”
“Her mount has returned, limping, and without a shoe,” Will told her grimly. “It appears
she herself has not been seen by anyone since the hunt. I‟m off to search the wood.”
He turned away, but Marian grabbed at his sleeve. Will‟s muscles tensed beneath her
fingers, and he turned back. “What is it?”
“Did you find those other bandits?” Marian asked, alarmed to hear that Alys might have
been taken by the very men who‟d nearly attacked her.
“Some. They‟re belowstairs in the dungeon until I can deal with them. The hands of one
of them were a bloody mess.”
Marian‟s eyes widened in understanding. “Oh, aye . . . my arrow. I stabbed at him when
he dared try and lift me off my saddle.”
“So he said. I do not think they‟ll heal, and ‟tis almost punishment enough for him, I
trow. His fingers will be crippled forever, if they do not need to be cut off.”
Marian felt a momentary stab of conscience, but then pushed it away. The man had meant
to do far worse to her.
“I‟ve left three of my men to watch their camp for when the others return,” Will replied.
“But if you will release me, I‟ll be off to begin the search anew.” He looked down at her
hand on his arm as if it were a particularly ugly spider.
Just as she released him, a shout from the bailey entrance drew her attention. Will pulled
away, heading toward the sound of the turmoil. Marian followed, watching his tall figure
navigate quickly through the crush of hounds, rushing men-at-arms, busy serfs, and
playing children.
By the time she reached the cluster of people, she understood that Alys had returned,
presumably uninjured, and on foot. When she caught sight of Marian, her friend pushed
away from Will and the other men-at-arms who‟d met her at the gate.
“I am unhurt,” she said in a tone that implied it wasn‟t the first time she‟d made such a
statement and that she was weary of doing so. “My horse threw a shoe and I was a bit lost
in the wood until I found my way back. Now, there is Lady Marian. I am certain she will
see that I‟m taken safely to the chamber where I can change my clothing.”
Marian needed no further suggestion. She moved forward and linked arms with Alys,
drawing her away toward the keep.
After ensuring that her friend was indeed unscathed from her experience wandering about
in the forest, Marian left Alys to the other ladies. She walked back out into the bailey,
glad to find herself out of the smoky, dark keep.
The herb garden was large enough to offer wandering paths that would keep her occupied
for a time. She brushed past the silvery sage and lavender leaves, the brilliant orange
calendula growing in low clusters, the dark blue green woad, basil, thyme, and others. As
her feet wandered, so did her mind, and Marian couldn‟t help but feel apprehensive about
the night ahead. Would John invite her and Will to his chambers again? What would
happen this night?

Though the sun burned warm, Marian shivered, remembering the knowing lift of Will‟s
hands at her breasts, the feel of his mouth on the tender skin of her neck. That tingling,
unsettled feeling returned to her stomach and she drew in deep breaths scented with
rosemary and lily.
She knew, understood, that it was only a matter of time before Will coupled with her.
And though ‟twas Robin who‟d made her tremble and sigh earlier today, Robin whose
smile she saw when she closed her eyes, Robin who risked his life to do what was right
for the people of Nottinghamshire . . . she also felt a deep tug in her belly when she
thought of Will touching her, kissing her, settling his big body over hers.
Her mouth was dry; her heart pounded steadily. Her cheeks felt warm.
But she must remember she was here with a duty to the queen. Mayhap tonight she would
find the chance to look about John‟s chambers and discover evidence of treason he
planned against his brother. The last thing the prince would expect was a woman who not
only could read but also would be looking for something.
If indeed John was plotting with the French king, Philip Augustus, to overthrow Richard,
there must be some planning, and some negotiation. Philip wouldn‟t assist John without
some compensation. Eleanor claimed he would require the return of all of Normandy,
leaving John only England to rule. But now that Richard had wed and could produce an
heir, the chances of John ascending to the throne without a bit of help were less than
before.
Thrusting those thoughts aside—there would be time enough to deal with any suspicious
evidence later—Marian left the herb garden and made her way back into the keep. She
would be expected at the evening meal, and much as she would prefer to remain closed
up in her chamber, hiding would get her no closer to learning whether John was indeed
planning a threat to his brother‟s throne. She must be out and about, listening and
speaking to the barons and lords—the ones John trusted and the ones who hated him and
loved his brother. And if that included visiting his private chambers and overhearing
pertinent conversations with Will, or anyone else, then that was what she must do. Even
if it meant submitting as she‟d done to Harold.
Once back to her chamber, Marian ordered Ethelberga to arrange for her bath. As she
watched the serfs carry in bucket after bucket of steaming water, slopping their contents
into the generous tub that had been rolled in on its side, she glanced briefly at the horseeye peephole. The garderobe door had been open when she returned to her chamber, but
someone could be in there now.
Or not.
‟Twas unlikely that the prince would be spying on her during the midafternoon. Not that
he would be praying at Nones—John didn‟t strike her as a particularly devout man—but
he was likely holding court.
Thus appeased, Marian dismissed the serfs, who left several buckets of clean water for
rinsing, and allowed Ethelberga to disrobe her. Sinking into the steaming water, on which
floated crushed violets, gillyflowers, and lavender, Marian rested her head back against
the edge and allowed herself to relax. And to think about how she might direct a
conversation to get her the information she wanted.

Ethelberga might be skittish when it came to being stopped by highwaymen, and have a
poor sense of direction when in a new building, but she had magic fingers. The tight,
heavy braids uncoiled from Marian‟s hair left her scalp loose and relieved, and
Ethelberga‟s strong fingers massaged and scrubbed until her mistress groaned with
pleasure.
The length and weight of Marian‟s unusually colored hair was such that the maid had
kept a smaller tub nearby, also filled with warm violet water, so that she could more
easily wash the long tresses in their own water.
By the time Ethelberga had finished soaping her hair and rinsing it with the extra buckets,
Marian had decided that Lord Burle would be a worthy candidate to pretend to flirt with.
She might loosen his tongue and learn whether he was still loyal to the king or lining up
behind John.
Just as Marian had settled this plan in her mind, there was a loud knock on the door of her
chamber. Ethelberga squeaked in surprise and Marian sat upright in the tub.
“See you who is there, but close the inner door so that I cannot be seen,” she ordered.
“Tell whoever it is I will attend them in a moment.”
Ethelberga did as she was told, hurrying from the room and closing the door behind her.
Marian sat in the rapidly cooling water, straining to hear what was happening beyond.
She didn‟t have long to wait.
The inner door opened suddenly and Will was there. “Leave us,” he commanded over his
shoulder to Ethelberga, who lurked behind him. Her eyes were wide and frightened in a
pale face.
Marian smothered a gasp and sank to her collarbones under the water, which thankfully
was murky with the herbal additives as well as the soap she‟d used. “Will, I beg you give
me a moment to finish my bath,” she managed to say in a steady voice. As if men burst in
upon her bedchamber while she bathed every day. “And then I will—”
“Leave,” he ordered, turning back to look at Ethelberga, who appeared as if she might
collapse. “I‟ll not say it again.”
The maid‟s mouth was a large round O, and she looked apologetically at her mistress,
fright casting a shadow over her face, before she whirled and dashed out the door. Marian
didn‟t blame the girl; if she had been confronted with the wild, black-haired, darkvisaged man who now stood in her chamber, she would have run too.
Apparently, that was not a luxury she would be afforded.
“Will,” she said, keeping her voice steady with an effort. “What has befallen—”
“Be silent,” he said in a strained voice. He was looking toward her, but he wasn‟t looking
at her.
He came fully into the chamber and closed the door behind him. Bolted it. And when he
turned to face her, Marian felt as though her insides had been turned inside out, and back
and inside out again. A face that had always been harsh and cold now wore an expression
of . . . nothing. As if it were made of stone or wood. Unmoving and set.
“Get out,” he said, and when she didn‟t move, a hand whipped out and his fingers closed
over her arm, pulling her upright from the water.
It fell from her in a cascade, splattering his clothing and the floor. Her wet hair was

plastered over her like a copper cloak, clinging to breasts, hips, thighs, buttocks, and
arms.
By now, Marian could not speak. Her heart was racing out of control, and she was well
and truly frightened. There was a horrible pause as he stood there, his eyes scoring her
nudity as he gripped her arm.
Then he shoved her toward the bed. “You‟ll deny me no longer.”
Marian gasped, stumbled when she slipped on the wet floor, and fell onto the mattress,
narrowly missing the bedpost.
“Will,” she whispered, shivering from fright and chill. Her teeth chattered and she
breathed as if she‟d just run into the chamber. She snatched up the blanket hanging over
the chair between the fire and the bed, covering herself with it as much as she could. Her
hair was still dripping and cold, still clinging to her body everywhere. “What—”
“Silence,” he snarled as he kicked off his soft boots. “By God, woman, do not make me
say it again.” His voice was cold, without inflection. And he did not look at her.
Something was wrong. So wrong. Marian felt the unaccountable urge to reach for him, to
touch him and try to read what had happened . . . but suddenly, he was on the bed next to
her, his large, warm hands covering her shoulders and pulling her against him. She felt
the rough scrape of the embroidered hem of his tunic, the weight of his powerful hoseclad thigh sliding over hers, the slickness of her damp skin.
“Nay,” she gasped, trying to twist away from him. She knew it would happen; she knew
she couldn‟t prevent it. But not now. Not this way.
She wasn‟t ready.
His fingers curled into her shoulders, tangling in hair caught between them, and held her
from pulling away. She closed her eyes, felt tears begin to leak from her lids.
Not yet.
Not here.
Not like this.
But his hands held her still and his great weight covered her. One knee pushed between
her legs, and she squeezed her eyes tighter, twisting and bucking beneath him, trying to
keep her breathing from running away with her. Trying to keep from crying and pleading.
He muttered something in her ear, hard and so quiet it was unintelligible. She looked up
at him through watery eyes, saw that his face was turned away, his lips pressed together
so tightly that his mouth was white. Through a fog of fear and disbelief, she noticed
details, as though the world had slowed to a crawl: beads of sweat dampened the skin
along his dark hairline, and one trickled down his cheek. He smelled like horse and
smoke, and something else unidentifiable. An occasional dark hair that stubbled his face
glinted gray. A scar, white and thick, marred one smooth temple.
Will grasped her hands and pulled them above her head, curling strong fingers around her
wrists so tightly, grinding them together, causing her to cry out.
“That‟s it,” he muttered from between clenched teeth. She understood his words this
time. “Fight.”
She didn‟t need to be encouraged. Unable to help herself, she kicked and arched beneath
him. “Nay, Will,” she breathed, catching the sob in the back of her throat.

His other hand slipped between them, moving along her damp belly, and Marian felt it
down between her legs. She closed her eyes, trying to breathe easier, struggling to make
herself lie still.
It hurt less if she didn‟t fight it. If she lay still and relaxed. She knew this. But this man,
so large and dark, his face feral and wild . . . he was different from Harold. Demanding,
violent. Angry. So angry.
He propped himself up with the elbow of the hand that held her wrists, and she felt the
unmistakable shifting between their bodies as, with the other, he lifted his tunic, loosened
the tie of his braies, quickly, sharply, and then before she could plead once more, he
made a sharp move.
She braced herself, willing herself not to whimper, but there was nothing but a jolt of the
bed. She cried out in surprise and shock.
“Aye,” he said in her ear, his voice hoarse and tight. Will jerked against her again, then
again, faster and harder . . . but his hand had settled between them. Covering her. Not
penetrating.
Protecting her?
She looked up at him, at the tense, averted face, the perspiration that gathered at his
temples and near his closed eyes. His brows knit together in an angry furrow and he gave
one last thrust and sagged forward over her with a low, heartfelt groan that tugged deep at
her belly.
His fingers loosened over her wrists and she pulled them away, aware that they were both
out of breath.
“Will,” she began in a rough, bewildered voice.
“Stop it.” His voice sounded like a whip cracking. “I‟ll not listen to your sobs.” He rolled
away, tossing the blanket back over to cover her.
Marian gathered it over her hips and breasts and watched as he snatched up his boots and
one of the empty buckets. “Do you not attempt to hide away in here tonight,” he said,
half-turning back toward her. “You will be seen at dinner.”
From the distance, she saw that his eyes remained dark and flat. They swept over her
briefly, but did not linger. And then he pivoted and slammed the door‟s bolt from its
moorings, leaving the chamber before she could speak again.
Marian heard the outer door close behind him, and she was alone on a bed damp from her
own body . . . but not from Will, or his seed.
She lay there for a moment, bringing her trembling body under control, scarcely able to
comprehend what had just occurred. Yet, she did—she realized what Will had done.
Or, more accurately . . . what he had not done.
One thing was certain: John had most definitely not been holding court this midday.

Will passed Marian‟s sniffling maid, who‟d loyally waited in the hall despite his orders to
leave. She cowered back as he stalked by, but did not flee.
“See to your mistress,” he snarled, still carrying the bucket, folding his boots under his

arm.
He made it down three steps of the shadowy side stairwell before he lost control and had
to stop. Leaning against the wall, he emptied his stomach violently into the bucket,
heaving until his belly ached.
Swiping the back of a hand over his mouth, he looked up to find Alys of Wentworth
standing at the top of the stairs.
“Are you ill?” she asked, her blue eyes wide.
“ ‟ Tis no concern of yours,” he snapped, standing upright with effort. Without a
backward glance, he turned and made his way down the stairs, his fingers still trembling.

CHAPTER 7
J ohn the Angevin, Lord of Ireland, Earl of Gloucester, Count of Mortain, and current
regent of England, was displeased.
He sat at the high table next to one of his most trusted cohorts, one who shared his
ambition and confidences, as well as participated in his most private and vulgar of
activities. A man so clever and determined John might have feared him if he hadn‟t
known that he was as determined as John to rid the country of its rapacious king.
Richard‟s foolish war had left England, lush, green, beautiful England, stripped to bare
and bone. John could not abide by his brother‟s vainglorious ways, his ignorance of the
land he had the blessing to rule while he traipsed about far away in the Holy Lands.
He cast a sly, corner-of-the-eye glance at William de Wendeval. His performance this
afternoon, though brief and—from the prince‟s perspective—not nearly violent enough,
had awakened John‟s desire for the luscious Lady Marian.
Nay, “awakened” was too mild a word. “Emblazoned” was more appropriate.
Emblazoned upon his heart—and his cock—the need to have her.
The sight of that glorious hair alone, strands of mingling gold and bronze and copper,
streaming down the sides of the tub as her maid gathered it into a huge bundle to wash
and rinse it, had sent frissons of lust through his body. He imagined it twining around
him, thick, shiny, and heavy. But when Marian had been yanked from her bath, breasts
jouncing and smooth hips shining with the cascade of water, that long glossy hair had
plastered itself to her from shoulder to thigh like a well-fitting glove and set his cock to
throbbing.
And Nottingham, knowing that his liege watched, had paused for a moment, holding her
in clear view, so that John could admire the display of her long legs and creamy skin.
From that moment, John knew he‟d not be satisfied until he had Marian thusly garbed in
his own chamber, at his own hands, beneath his own body.
He licked his lips, sliding his glance out over the occupants of the hall . . . then back to
the dark, silent man sitting next to him.
Therein lay the problem, and the root of his displeasure.
The man had claimed the woman for himself, and John had foolishly agreed to allow him

to have her. For a time.
But he no longer wished to wait. The soft cry she‟d made when Nottingham slammed
himself into her could easily be imagined as one of pained passion—one of John‟s
specialties. Her wild struggles against the large, fully clothed man who strained over her
John found arousing and delightful. Who did not want a woman who knew better than to
lie there like a dead fish? He had a wife who did that. She could have been a statue made
from ice-white porcelain for all she responded to his caresses. The most beautiful of
women, true, with long, perfect golden ringlets of her own . . . but Isobell was stone in
comparison with Marian‟s lush heat.
And yet Marian was, at the moment, unavailable to him.
John didn‟t like to admit it, even to himself, but he knew better than to breach his
agreement, such as it were, with Nottingham. The man knew too much about him, too
many secrets, too much of his cunning plans to ally with Philip Augustus of France and
to split Richard‟s kingdom between them. Aye, ‟twas true that Nottingham was nearly as
deep into the plot as John himself, collecting funds and making allies here at Ludlow,
even strategizing with him in between bouts of pleasure taking.
But most important, John knew that without William de Wendeval his plans to displace
Richard would never be realized. For no traveler through the forest, from any direction to
Ludlow, could reach the keep without the Sheriff of Nottinghamshire knowing who he
was and from whence he came.
Thus John received no surprises, no messages that he did not wish to receive—for those
messengers, oddly enough, often did not make it to the keep. Or if they did, it was after a
delay . . . and mayhap even to their physical detriment.
The outlaws were blamed, of course, but it was Nottingham and his control over the area
that allowed for that selection. Aye, Robin of the Hood thought that he had full reign over
the forest, but some of that freedom was at the pleasure of the sheriff. For if there were no
outlaws, they could not be blamed for the ransoming or capturing of the messengers John
wished to avoid or otherwise prepare for.
John‟s real complaint over Robin Hood was that he stole his money, and those funds
collected for taxes, not that he roamed the wood and frightened the travelers. The vassals
would pay their fines whether they were robbed or not. John cared little for their
hardship.
Thus he did not intend to offend the loyalty of Nottingham, who played such a vital role
in this plot. For now, John had no choice but to make his way with care.
And Nottingham had never made any request of him before this. He had a personal
grudge against the woman, and John could understand his need to put her in her place.
Nor was he the sort of man to look away, or to accept John‟s reasons—whatever ones he
might manufacture—for the breach of the agreement. De Wendeval was that rare breed of
man who could be convinced to change his loyalty, yet maintain a strong sense of honor
to that misplaced loyalty. And he expected it in return.
Thus, ‟twas most unfortunate, but John could not afford to insult Nottingham, especially
over a woman.
Even a woman such as Marian.

Yet . . . John could not concentrate on the conversation he meant to have with Lord
Tenselton, who sat to his left, when he was aware that the man to his right had had the
delights he himself so lusted after. And had not even partaken of them as deeply or
devoutly as John would.
Thus, during the meal, while Nottingham ate sparingly and spoke even less, the
Angevin‟s mind wormed about, seeking a way to have what he wanted . . . but without
offending the valuable, and dangerous, man next to him.
Aye, the man‟s loyalty was worth more than the riding of a woman, but John intended to
find a way to have both.
“She does not seem the worse for her experience this Nones,” John commented to Will
idly. His eyes fastened on the lady in question, who seemed to be finding that brickhead
Lord Burle quite fascinating.
Nottingham drank from his goblet, then settled it precisely on the trestle in front of them.
“To the contrary,” he replied. “The lady wishes nothing more than to retire to her
chamber after the meal. She claims, to anyone who will listen, of an ache in the head.”
He gave a knowing rumble of laughter and drank again.
John chuckled along with him, suddenly full of good humor. His tactic had become clear,
and he cast a sharp eye on the amount of wine the man next to him was drinking, with the
intent of increasing it generously. “An ache in the head? I should have expected one
elsewhere.”
Nottingham settled his goblet once again. “Aye, and mayhap elsewhere as well. I thought
to give her a chance to contemplate her . . . options . . . this night. Mayhap after taking
her ease, she will be more interested in the lessoning I mean to give her.”
Unfortunately for her, John had no intent of leaving that lovely piece to wallow in her
chamber alone this evening. Smiling, he gulped largely from his own wine. His mother
might be a bullheaded manipulator who loved her elder son best, but she was
immeasurably generous with the excellent wines from her lands. And in addition to that,
she‟d bestowed upon her youngest son her own crafty mind. Which he had put to good
use in planning strategies for overthrowing his brother . . . and for luring gentlewomen
into his bed.
“Indeed. Then I must presume your visit to the Court of Pleasure this evening will be
solitary.”
John smiled to himself, as he did every time he uttered the phrase of his own making.
Court of Pleasure. A more earthy, hedonistic version of his mother‟s famed Court of
Love.
“Aye, that it will,” Nottingham replied.
John frowned behind his goblet. He‟d expected the other man to seize an excuse to
decline the invitation. It hadn‟t escaped his notice that Nottingham had seemed less than
enamored of the pleasure taking as of late. Oh, he participated . . . or, more accurately,
most often watched and occasionally partook from a willing maidservant . . . but more
likely than not, he merely provided the audience for John‟s activities.
Then John‟s eyes narrowed in speculation. Mayhap this would work out best after all. If
Nottingham arrived before Marian and was otherwise occupied—or incapacitated—when

the lady arrived . . . it would be incumbent upon the host to make her feel welcome.
He gestured for the page behind them to refill their goblets.
John was, if naught else, a most accommodating host.

“Come in, come in, my lady.”
Marian hesitated on the threshold. She did not wish to take that step over, into the
chamber, into the den of iniquity. John‟s voice sounded jovial, but there was an
underlying command beneath it.
Her palms damp but her head held high, she stepped into the room and the door closed
behind her.
Already this was very different from last night‟s experience.
Will had escorted her back to her chamber after the evening meal and bidden her good
evening. She‟d gone eagerly inside, fully aware that he‟d said nary a word to her but “Let
us go” when he approached her in the great hall, and “Good evening” when he left as
soon as she was inside the chamber.
Nor had he looked at her, other than a quick impersonal glance, during the few moments
they were together. He simply walked with long strides next to her, his solid arm angled
out for her fingertips to curl around, his thigh brushing occasionally against her gown.
This all made her exceedingly aware of his presence, his size, his strength . . . and what
had occurred in her chamber earlier this day.
When they reached her accommodations, Ethelberga had been there, and she‟d helped her
mistress disrobe and prepare for bed—a circumstance Marian had readily welcomed.
Despite the fact that she had left the hall before the evening‟s entertainment ended, and
the sun still sat above the horizon, she was glad to be in the solitude—and relative
safety—of her chamber.
But no more than two candle marks later, when the sun had barely set and the bailey
below had not yet begun to quiet for the night, a solid pounding came at her door.
Marian‟s heart leapt into her throat and she considered ignoring the knocking. Ethelberga
had been dismissed and had gone belowstairs to visit with some of the other
maidservants—and mayhap a handsome groom or two—and there was no one but Marian
to answer the determined knock.
It could be Will. Likely it was. Her stomach gave another flutter and she resisted the urge
to look toward the horse-eye peephole.
The knocking did not cease, and she had no choice but to respond. But when she opened
the door, she found it was not Will, as she‟d expected. And, in truth, half anticipated.
Nor was it Robin.
Thus, even before he spoke, when Marian saw the page standing outside the door, she
knew he would say, “The prince requires your presence, milady.” Knowing she could not
deny a royal summons, despite the sharp pinching of her insides and the parched
sensation in her mouth, she quickly dressed and pulled on a enveloping cloak, drawing
the deep hood up and over to shadow her face and hair. At the least she could attempt to

avoid being recognized by anyone who might wonder why she was about alone . . . and
going to the prince‟s chambers.
The page walked quickly, and was followed by a stoic man-at-arms who joined the party
as they made their way to the third level of the keep. Apparently, John was taking no
chances that Marian might get lost or otherwise delayed.
And here she was now, the door bumping closed in her wake, most definitely not lost or
delayed.
As before, the room, which stretched well to her right and not quite so far to her left, was
lit by candles and sconces throughout. The number of candles, along with two fires that
blazed at either end of the chamber, gave off a sensual golden glow that cast yellow and
bronze and brown across the room‟s furnishings and occupants.
She smelled the heavy rich scent of good wine and something else . . . a lingering, musky,
close smell that hung in the air. It mingled with the ever-present wisps of smoke and
settled a sort of lethargy over her.
“My lady.” John‟s mellow voice came again, and she looked to the right, seeing him for
the first time.
He sat on the side of the room where the bed was, where the two women had rolled and
kissed and touched the night before. Marian caught a glimpse through the half-open bedcurtains of a woman‟s bare leg, the rise of a hip, and other human-shaped shadows
within. Mayhap the girls had already completed this night‟s performance and now took
their ease.
Her suspicion of this was reinforced when she noticed that, instead of having a woman
kneeling in front of him with her face buried between his legs, the prince sat in a low
chair. On a table within easy reach was a flagon of wine and several goblets. In front of
him was the human chessboard—a nude woman on her hands and knees with an
arrangement of low, squat chess pieces on her back.
Marian didn‟t know if it was the same woman who‟d been there last night. She wouldn‟t
have recognized her even if it was, for the woman‟s rear end faced her, knees apart, the
hair of her quim readily visible between her spread legs.
“My lord,” Marian replied, her voice low. Her mouth was dry and her palms were slick.
She was torn between looking around the room to see what other surprises might lurk in
the shadowy corners—and whether mayhap Will was there—and keeping her attention
on the prince, to shield herself in ignorance.
“Would you care to play chess?” John asked, gesturing to the table. Then, as if noticing
her cloak for the first time, he said, “Divest yourself of that. I prefer to admire the
womanly form in my Court of Pleasure.”
Marian allowed the cloak to slip from her shoulders and reluctantly draped it over a
cushioned chair that had only a back but no arms or sides. She dared not consider what
sort of activity it might be used for. As she did so, she glanced around the room, hoping
to see Will lounging in a chair in the corner. He was not.
Her heart began to pound harder.
When she turned back, John was looking up at her, the weight of his dark eyes heavy. He
was a handsome man—not a surprise, being the son of two comely parents. His coloring

was nearly as dark as Will‟s tanned skin, likely a gift from his French mother. He had
walnut-colored hair, thick and straight, and he wore it long over his ears as was the style,
but short across his forehead. A neatly trimmed beard and mustache encircled a small but
sensual mouth that glistened red and plump as if he‟d been chewing his lip . . . or
nibbling on something else. His shoulders were broad, and he was a solid man, but he
was not as tall as his golden-haired brother, nor even his regal mother. Marian suspected
he would be only a bit taller than herself, for his legs were rather short for his torso.
Instead of wearing a jeweled or gold-threaded tunic and belt, he wore a hip-length tunic
with a deep vee in the unlaced neckline that showed a large amount of dark hair, and
braies that clearly displayed a healthy bulge.
“Now, shall we play chess? You do know how to play, my lady?” he asked, his rings
glinting as he beckoned to a chair on the other side of the woman‟s narrow back. He
reached for one of the goblets next to him and poured bloodred wine into it, then licked
the rim with a thick red tongue and offered the cup to her.
Trying to hide her reluctance, Marian took the goblet and sat. Then she realized that there
was no chessboard. Someone had . . . drawn . . . the lines of the squares on the woman‟s
back. The irregular crisscrossing lines looked like . . . Marian swallowed, and
involuntarily looked up at John, horrified.
His dark eyes were fastened on her, glittering with delight. “Aye, you are correct. The
sting of the whip created our game.” He gave what she supposed he meant to be a
heartbroken smile. “Hilde was not behaving as I required and needed to be punished. And
I needed a chessboard, and ‟twas only after I‟d begun her punishment that I realized how
she could accommodate me. That is why some of the squares are a bit . . . uneven.”
Marian swallowed. She looked at the woman, who was clearly not one of her class but
likely a serf or maidservant—but a woman nevertheless. Her shiny black hair, knotted
loosely at the nape of her neck, sagged to one side and her head was bowed. She hadn‟t
moved, nor made a sound, since Marian had come into the room. God help them both.
“I do know how to play,” Marian replied, her mind working quickly.
She‟d not been one of Eleanor‟s favorite ladies because of her dull wits and
spinelessness, despite the fact that she wasn‟t the most accomplished chess player.
“Good,” John said. “But you must understand . . . the rules are a bit different for this
game.” He smiled again, and this time the stretch of his red lips carried a hint of slyness.
“If you lose a piece to me, you must remove an article of clothing. And of course, I will
do the same.”
Marian had expected naught less and was prepared. “But you have so few items to
remove, my lord. I should hate for you to be sitting in the chill whilst I am still fully
clothed.” She offered a small smile that she hoped appeared confident, and not tense. “I
propose a slight alteration in your rules: if you lose a piece to me, I replace an article of
my clothing. I shall begin with my cloak when I take the first piece.”
John laughed then, loudly and delightedly. “And so it shall be, Lady Marian, if for no
other reason than your boldness.”
“And the winner?” she asked, wondering if there was enough wine in the room to send
him under his cups before the game was over.

“Can you not guess?” John replied, folding short, wide hands over his lean belly. A ruby
the size of a chestnut glinted on one.
“If I win,” she replied, conscious that he‟d appreciated her boldness a moment ago, “I
will require a boon of you.” She swallowed, because she knew what would happen if she
lost. Those stubby, beringed fingers would be all over her bare flesh, touching, pinching,
poking.
“A boon?”
A pardon for Robin Hood. Those words nearly passed her lips—she wanted them to do
so—but she stopped them. Not now, not yet. Too soon, too great of a request . . . and too
close to her heart. If he knew of a desire like that, he could use it against her. Instead, she
said, “Aye, a boon of my asking. Yet to be decided.”
“If your request is within my power, you shall have it . . . if, of course, your king remains
standing alone at the end.”
She dared not ask what would happen in the case of a draw.
John sat up in his chair. “Now, then. Shall we begin our battle with a kiss of peace?”
Before she could respond, he stood and leaned over the human chessboard, grasping the
back of Marian‟s head with a very strong hand. His fingers curled into her skull, sliding
into her hair as he tipped her face up by the force of his kiss. His lips were as soft and full
and wet as they appeared, and Marian felt the scrape of teeth at the edges of her mouth as
he forced his tongue through. He thrust brutally into her mouth, crushing her lips, sucking
on her tongue, sweeping so strong and hard that she nearly gagged. He tasted of wine and
thick, unpleasant heat, and he took . . . and took . . . holding her so hard that her head
began to pound.
At last he released her, pulling a long strand of hair free from her braid, and she sat back
shakily. The back of her head pounded from his grip, her mouth felt raw and swollen, and
her heart slammed rapidly in her chest. He must have fully loosened her braid, for a long,
two-finger-thick coil of her hair fell down over her shoulder and curled in her lap.
“That was lovely,” John said, reaching for one of his pawns—black of course. “I look
forward to the spoils of my win.” He moved and then lifted his goblet to drink, watching
her over its rim.
Marian blinked, trying to clear her mind. She was a passable chess player, and this was
the most important game she‟d ever played. She‟d need every bit of concentration she
could muster.
They‟d each made two moves when, without a word, John stood. Marian caught her
breath as he unlaced his braies and began to move toward her. A wild protest caught in
her throat, but before she could utter it, he stopped at the rear end of the chess table.
Grasping the woman‟s hips, he knelt behind her and exposed a long, turgid cock. As she
watched, he spit down onto its length and used his hand to rub the spittle over his
erection. It glistened with the simple lubricant, and before Marian could look away, he
slid it inside the waiting quim from behind. The woman barely moved, and made only a
squeak.
John gave a quiet, satisfied groan and reached toward the woman‟s neck, and at first
Marian thought he was about to strangle her. But instead, he coiled a thick mass of hair

around his fist, using it to raise the woman‟s head as if she were a horse and he held the
reins.
Marian watched as John pumped her steadily, easily, from behind, and noticed that the
woman‟s arms strained with the effort of keeping herself still so that the chess pieces did
not fall.
What would happen to her if they did?
But they were short and wide pieces, obviously made for this purpose, and John was not
rough. The pieces slipped only a bit.
The woman‟s breasts swayed from side to side, and John moved one hand to close over
and pinch the nipple of one while the other maintained its hold on her hair. Marian was
surprised to see through the heavy hair that obscured much of her face that the woman‟s
eyes were closed and her mouth parted slightly, her breath rising audibly. She even gave
a quiet groan of her own that almost sounded like an expression of pleasure. Was it
possible she was enjoying this? How could that be?
For a moment, Marian was caught by the rhythm, the sounds, even the rising scent of
woman. Her lips felt dry and she wanted to lick them, and she was aware of a quiet
tingling beginning between her own legs, deep inside her.
Ashamed that a woman‟s degradation should cause even the slightest excitement in her,
Marian looked away and found herself captured by John‟s dark gaze. It glittered with lust
and depravation, and a clear message that she did not want to see. She tore her eyes away
and heard his low gasp of laughter.
Where was Will?
Why wasn’t he here to protect her?
At that moment, John gave a heartfelt groan and eased inside his chess table one last
time. Hilde released her own breath in a low sigh. Marian saw her lick her lips and then
as John released the hank of hair, she lowered her head so that it hung down once again.
Not one chess piece had fallen.
John picked up a cloth, wiped his cock, and settled back in his seat. “Now, then,” he said,
refilling his goblet and renewing Marian‟s hopes he would drink himself into a stupor.
“Whose move?”
Marian applied herself to the game, and only pretended to drink when John urged her.
She did get her cloak back, but only for a few moments. And then she lost it, as well as
her braided leather girdle and then, to her rising concern, her long overgown. This left her
clothed in only the tightly laced bliaud, and while that garment covered her from neck to
floor, it left her feeling quite exposed with its close sleeves and formfitting fashion. She
moved a rook, trying to concentrate on the game.
John‟s eyes gleamed as he moved to take her knight, and he raised his face to look at her.
“This time, you must remove your braid and allow your hair to fall loosely.”
Relieved that she had a reprieve before removing her undergown, which would leave her
clothed in naught but her hair, Marian took her time unbraiding the rest of her hair. John
watched in fascination as she pulled it over her shoulders, partly on each side, and
allowed it to fall so that it nearly brushed the floor. When she leaned forward to make her
next move, some of the shorter strands in front slipped against the bare skin of the chess

table‟s torso and the woman shuddered.
Marian saw the little rise of bumps on Hilde‟s skin, and felt her own flesh pebble beneath
her clothes. There was something about seeing her hair touching another‟s skin so
intimately. . . .
She looked up and found John watching her, again that knowing look in his eyes. She
swallowed and just as she reached for a piece on the chessboard—any piece, anything to
break away from that look—she heard a shifting and a groan behind her.
A male groan, from the sound of it. It seemed like rustling and shifting, movement . . .
from the bed behind her.
John looked up over her shoulder, and she thought she caught a glimpse of annoyance
flash over his face. But then the shush of movement stopped and there was silence again.
“ ‟ Tis your turn, my lady,” the prince said.
Marian replaced the piece she‟d lifted, realizing if she made a bad move and lost another
piece, she would be as exposed as Hilde. Her hand moved above the pieces and she tried
to pull her scattered thoughts together.
She hovered over her bishop and there was a low cough from behind her, drawing John‟s
attention once more. Marian looked again at the board and this time saw the trap she‟d
been led into—a trap that a movement of the bishop could foil; it would save her from
not only losing her undergown but also checkmate.
She made the placement and looked up to find John once again watching her. Yet he said
naught of her spoiling his plan and, after a brief consultation of the pieces, moved again.
Marian stared at the game, realizing her breathing had become rushed again and knowing
that she had no way to win this battle. He was obviously a much better player than she
was on a good day, but with all the other distractions she had to contend with, Marian
knew she was playing miserably.
She looked desperately at the board, curling her hands in her lap and around and through
the hair that amassed there. It took a moment before she realized that John was not
watching the game, but was eyeing the way her fingers slid in and around, playing with
her hair as she tried to keep her desperation at bay. His breathing had changed, and when
she closed her fingers around a piece of end curl and began to idly stroke it, the prince
appeared fixated.
Marian drew in a deep breath and leaned forward, allowing a wide swath of hair to brush
over Hilde‟s round hip like a coppery curtain. As she hovered over her queen, two things
happened. John gave a quiet moan and his lips parted, and she heard another movement
behind her, another faint groan, almost like a heavy breath, that . . . stopped as she moved
toward the rook.
She moved her hand back over the queen and there came a renewed shifting from the
bed, and then when she picked up the knight, it stopped.
As she fingered her hair more seductively, Marian looked at the queen again and realized
her move . . . and with a burst of relief, she understood. He was helping her. From the
bed.
Whether ‟twas Will she didn‟t know, but it didn‟t matter.
She made her move with the queen and looked up at John, taking care to hide the triumph

in her eyes. “Check,” she said.
He pulled his eyes from her fingers, which were busily making a little braid in her lap,
and looked down at the game. Then he looked up at her again. “A fascinating move, my
lady,” he said. “But not good enough.”
And he reached swiftly forward and captured her queen.

Holy Mary, Will silently groaned.
She‟d moved the right piece . . . but to the wrong place. If she hadn‟t placed the prince in
check, she would have been safe. Safer.
Pah. She wasn‟t safe at all. Even when he was here with her.
Will understood the prince‟s game. He‟d realized it at the evening meal, when John had
become overly solicitous about keeping Will‟s wine goblet filled, and urging him to
enjoy the fine vintage from Aquitaine.
Fortunately Will‟s squire, Tristan, stood with the prince‟s pages and helped to serve. A
quick whisper to Tristan resulted in the squire‟s keeping his master‟s goblet filled, but
with much more water than wine.
When John had invited him, as he always did, to his chamber, Will had been careful to
stumble and slur as he made his way to the solar along with the prince, taking care to
litter his words with profanities about Marian.
John had promised him pleasure to take his mind off the problem, as well as even more
wine. As planned, Will was easily able to pretend to slip off into oblivion once he
climbed into the half-curtained bed with two of John‟s naked consorts—and none too
soon, for they‟d divested him of all but his braies by the time they realized he was no
longer with them.
Will‟s diligence was rewarded when he heard John order one of the pages to go and fetch
Marian to the solar. So he waited as the girls fell asleep next to him, likely just as eager
for a bit of rest as he was.
And now, as he lay sprawled in the bed, he could see Marian facing John across the
prince‟s own special chessboard. She stood slowly and lifted her heavy hair, brushing it
back over her shoulders. Reluctance showed in every movement and Will knew he could
wait no longer.
With a loud groan, he shifted and pulled the bed-curtains to the side.
John looked up at him, and Will was shocked to see the unbridled venom in the prince‟s
expression . . . and then it was gone. Marian dropped the hem of her gown, which she‟d
begun to raise, and turned toward the bed.
Will looked away and gave one of the naked rumps next to him a sound slap. Its owner
shrieked and bolted awake, and so did the other, and the moment of tension was broken.
“I beg your pardon, my lord,” Will said, making a show of rubbing his eyes. He gave a
nearby breast a fond little jiggle as he made his way off the bed. “I must have dozed off.
Too much wine anight.”
He didn‟t look at Marian, but he was fully aware that her attention was focused steadily

on him.
“You‟ve interrupted our chess game,” John said in a velvety voice.
“Indeed?” Will said, standing beside the bed now. “It appears by the state of your
clothing . . . and my lady‟s . . . that my lord is on the verge of claiming victory.”
“I would have done,” John continued in that soft voice, “if you had not interrupted us.”
“Ah, then do go on with it.” Will made a careless gesture and walked over to the other
part of the chamber, where he pretended to pour another goblet of wine.
When he turned back moments later, it was all he could do to keep his breath even. She
had removed her gown and sat clothed only in her rippling hair. Now that it was dry, it
didn‟t cling to every curve like a second skin. A pink nipple peeked out from the golden
red curtain, but other than two slender white arms, she was nearly as well covered as if
she were wearing a cloak. Marian‟s face had paled and settled into a tight mask and now
she looked at him with loathing.
Of course she‟d thought he‟d save her from this eventuality . . . and so had the prince.
Which was precisely why Will had not done so.
Yet, that sword was double-edged, for now he must also be confronted with what he‟d
touched and crushed and manipulated earlier this day. At that time, he‟d allowed himself
naught but blurred impressions and impersonal touch—although the feel of her soft skin,
the smell of her body, ripe from the floral bath, the silk of her hair . . . all had been
impressed on his memory.
Will drank from his wine and sauntered back over to the chess game. The flash of hatred
in John‟s eyes had indicated just how keen the man‟s disappointment had been . . . and
how deep his lust had burrowed.
‟Twas time to tread most carefully and cleverly. A balance between reminding John of
his agreement and not letting him feel his loss too deeply.
He came to stand behind Marian. She tensed perceptibly and her breathing changed, but
she did not look at him nor acknowledge him. Good. John must believe, at the least for
now, that she loathed Will.
And of course she did. After what he‟d subjected her to earlier this day, and now, as she
sat here naked, what was likely to come . . . how could a noblewoman like Marian not
despise him?
And yet, though he knew it would only feed the fire of her resentment, he was unable to
resist touching her . . . this time without haste or furtiveness.
He reached forward, brushing his fingers over the top of her warm head, noticing details
that he‟d been unwilling to allow himself to see before. The palm of his hand cupped the
top of her skull, then slid down over thick waves made of infinite shades of gold, bronze,
copper, auburn . . . even ruby and garnet. Truly, she had the most magnificent hair,
miraculous in its fire. ‟Twas no wonder John lusted for her.
And, in truth, John was not the only one.
Marian lifted her hand to make another poor move, and Will tightened his fingers
slightly. She paused and Will felt John‟s interested gaze lift briefly. Damn.
But before he could say or do anything to alleviate the prince‟s suspicions, someone
knocked on the door.

John looked over and bade entrance, while Marian gasped and reached for something
with which to cover herself. Will looked away as she snatched up her cloak, the curve of
a smooth hip and the roundness of a breast jolting teasingly from beneath her hair.
The prince greeted the newcomers, and Will felt his momentary relief at the interruption
fade. ‟Sblood. The arrival of these two men—Sir Louis Krench and Lord Ralf
Stannoch—only made the situation worse, for they were two of John‟s long-time
confidants and companions. Will had appreciated their absence, for while they were
gone, John was left to his own devices—which were not quite as extreme as what the
three of them dreamed up together.
At the least, no one had died while Krench and Stannoch were gone.
“So you have at last returned,” said John. “I‟d begun to fear you‟d joined my brother‟s
camp.” He laughed heartily at what he obviously intended as a jest.
He invited his friends into the chamber, and Will was slightly mollified to see that they
weren‟t alone: three tittering women accompanied them. Whores, serfs, or freewomen,
Will didn‟t know, and he didn‟t care who they were except for the fact that they were
additional quims and breasts.
He moved now and pulled Marian firmly onto his lap as he settled into an armless chair
in a shadowy corner. She settled there stiffly, warm and lush. As far as he was concerned,
the chess game was over. To ensure this eventuality, as John was inspecting the new
female arrivals, who were already being coaxed out of their clothing, Will swept his hand
over the chess table and knocked the remaining pieces askew. Then he curled his arm
around Marian‟s belly to keep her in place, folding his fingers into a fist.
Marian stiffened even more in his lap, and hissed, “Now he shall blame Hilde for that and
punish her further.” Her mouth was near enough for him to smell the wine on her breath,
but she was not close enough to kiss.
Foolish woman. Will looked away from the soft, sweet-smelling body and tightened his
fist as he struggled to keep from uncurling those fingers and touching her. “John will
know ‟twas I. ‟Tis yourself for whom you ought worry,” he murmured into her ear.
“Krench and Stannoch are no weak weasels. But at the least they‟ve brought their own
playthings.”
“Then let us leave.” She turned and her hair spilled differently over his arm, tickling him
and raising fine bumps there.
Aye. They must leave.
But Will did not move. His body was frozen, and he feared if he allowed it to thaw, all
would be lost.
“Nottingham.” The sound of John‟s voice cut through Will‟s haze of indecision, and Will
looked over to find John looking at him. “You must join us.”
It was not a request.

CHAPTER 8
M arian had nowhere to look, so she closed her

eyes. But the sounds pervaded, the sounds and scents of coupling. Of cries and gasps and
desperate begging, the sharp slap of braided leather on skin, the groan of satiation, the
smells of spent seed and sweat and spilled wine.
She didn‟t want to think about the fact that she was naked, bare but for the cloak she‟d
grabbed up at the knock at the door.
Will stood slightly behind her, leaning against the tall bedpost, arms crossed over his bare
chest. He‟d said naught to her, nothing to ease her fears or worries except the warning
that she should have a care for herself. Even when John ordered them to join his other
companions, Will had done nothing but acquiesce.
Now, acutely aware of the tableau before her, her nipples were drawn tight and the little
hooded knot in her quim had begun to come alive, and she knew that she‟d leave the
chamber much less innocent this night than she had been before. She dared not open her
eyes and look at Will for fear of what he might see in her eyes, and she was relieved to no
longer be sitting bare-bottomed on his lap, held in place by a steely arm.
During the chess game, when he‟d crawled out of the bed leaving two women in the
shadows behind him, Marian‟s tentative relief had been washed away by the sight of his
half-clothed self. Though that strong body had trapped her against a wall, and been
poised over her earlier today, she‟d never seen the powerful slabs of muscle and the
square angles of his shoulders. Harold‟s pale, hair-covered torso and belly had looked
nothing like the tanned, rippling one that emerged from the bed-curtains.
At first, as he‟d crawled forth, he had reminded Marian of a lean cat, dark and sleek with
rich black hair rumpled from whatever he‟d been doing behind the curtains. Shadows
gathered in the hollows of his collarbones and along the sweep of his muscled shoulders.
His face was dusky and dark with stubble, his eyes heavy-lidded, his mouth set. Black
hair grew in a wide patch over the upper part of his chest, but as he came into view, she
saw that it narrowed into a slender line that ran down the center of his flat, ridged belly . .
. and then disappeared into the shadow of his loose braies. Braies that hung low on lean
hips, exposing their bones and a thick dark thatch of hair . . . and looked as though they
might slip down with the slightest tug.
All this had been impressed upon Marian in an instant . . . and now she could not erase
the image from her mind. She‟d had no idea . . . no idea a man could look like that.
Beautiful . . . and yet frightening, dark and smooth and lean . . . the beauty marred by
white battle scars.
“Why so shy, my lady?” came a velvety voice in her ear. “Open your eyes.”
She didn‟t. She kept them closed and though they did not touch, she felt the tension from
Will, who stood like a powerful, impersonal tree trunk next to her chair.
The prince spoke again. “You‟ll watch, my lady, or you‟ll join them.”
Marian‟s eyes flew open and John‟s mellow chuckle fell heavily into her ears. “Very
good. Now tell me which of these . . . arrangements . . . suits you the most.”
He settled in an armless seat next to hers, close enough to brush against her. She drew her
cloak closer about her shoulders, but he noticed . . . and with a flick of his wrist whisked
it away, sending it crumpling to the floor. “Do you not recall that you lost your cloak by
fair play, my lady?”

Marian could do naught but huddle beneath her hair, grateful that it was so thick and
heavy.
“My lady,” that mellow voice purred again, “which is it? Which scene has captured your
attention?” John had leaned very close to her and she felt the warmth of his skin brush
against her. He‟d removed his tunic and now, like Will, wore only braies tied at the waist.
And yet the proximity of his bare chest and arms, darkly haired torso and belly, prompted
a very different response from Marian. One closer to distaste than desire.
“Is it the woman there?” John persisted. “See how she takes them both at once?”
Marian could not help but see the woman, arranged on her hands and knees, naked, of
course. One of John‟s friends, the shorter one with sharp, weasel features, had loosened
and dropped his hose so that it bunched around his ankles. He slammed into the woman
from behind, his fingers grasping her hips so hard the skin was white where he gripped.
And in front of her stood the other late arrival, a man with pale skin and pale hair, and
colorless gray eyes that had scanned Marian with bald lust. Dressed in only a tunic, he‟d
dispensed with his hose completely and his pale, spindly legs bowed slightly as he
worked his erection in and out of the woman‟s mouth.
“Would you enjoy that, my lady?” John murmured in her ear. “Two sleek cocks sliding in
and out, one at each end?”
As before, once she began to look, she found herself unable to turn away . . . to block out
the sounds and images. The long, shiny lengths pumping the woman from either side . . .
her cheeks hollow and her eyes wide as one man held her face steady, lifting her chin to
make her throat a long, easy curve, her breasts hanging free, jolting with every movement
. . . and at the rear, the slip and slide of another red cock, in and out in a smooth, sticky
rhythm, faster and faster . . .
Marian swallowed, her breath rising faster as the pounding became harder and the two
men lost their synchronized rhythm, slamming into the woman haphazardly so that she
could barely keep her balance, breasts bouncing and swaying. Marian felt it as if it were
inside her, the rise, the tension, the urgency. . . . The hot tingling in her stomach swirled
lower, almost painful in its intensity, tightening at the center of her quim.
She didn‟t realize she‟d given a soft gasp until she felt John‟s mouth near her ear.
“Ahh, so you do like that,” he said. “Drink, my lady.” He lifted a cup to her mouth.
Drink if he offers, Will had said. She opened her mouth and gulped the heavy, sweet wine
and felt it flush warmly through her.
She drank more, and John‟s tongue thrust through the curtain of her hair, into the depth of
her ear in a parody of the activity before them. She shuddered at the invasion, even as her
body began to warm, loosen. He leaned closer, and his hand slid up over her belly, her
skin trembling and lurching from his touch as she tried to pull her eyes away from the
scene ahead, knowing vaguely that she wanted to get away from him.
But he was the prince . . . and even though her mind was dull and murky, she knew she
could not offend him.
Will, protect me.
“Nay, don‟t close your eyes,” he said. “Watch as they come, watch them spew their seed
and see how she takes it . . . how . . . oh.” He stopped with his own sudden low groan as

the pale man whipped his cock from the woman‟s mouth, and gave it two hard jerks,
spurting his seed over the woman‟s head.
The man behind lunged forward hard, and the woman bent her arms, resting her head on
the floor as he pummeled her from behind. Her bottom rose higher now than her
shoulders, her sighs and grunts filling the air with erotic sounds. Marian saw the
glistening red of her quim as the cock slid in and out . . . and knew that her own was as
swollen and wet, that her breathing was caught up in the same rising rhythm.
John had turned, straddling the edge of the chair, pressing against her. His fingers filtered
through her hair, his breath rasping hard, low, and harsh in her ear. She could not mistake
the bulge of his cock against her hip.
“More,” he ordered, lifting the goblet to her mouth again . . . and she gulped down more,
the sweet wine sinking more easily into her this time.
After she swallowed half the libation, he found her hand, drawing it from where she‟d
clasped it against her belly, and forced it down over him . . . into the depth of his braies,
where it was hot and damp and a pulsing erection raged like a smithy‟s iron.
“There,” he sighed, a half command, half groan. He forced her fingers around its width,
closing his hand tightly over hers, pushing his body up closer. “Now . . . mmph . . .” His
command lurched to a halt as the weasel-faced man arched his back with a last violent
thrust, calling out the pleasure of his orgasm with a loud moan.
Marian could not look away. The man appeared to be in agony, his face stretched and
dark and pained . . . but something primal gouged her; watching him find his pleasure
made something tug deep inside, leaving her skittish and out of breath . . . her heart
slamming as if it had been she on the floor . . . she accepting the slick length of a cock.
John‟s fingers closed tighter, and he showed her the stroke, the rhythm, and then he
murmured, “And what of her?” He directed her attention to another side of the room.
Though his breathing was heavy and raspy, the cadence of his voice remained smooth.
“Should I bind you like so?” He lifted the wine to her lips again.
She turned to see what John was looking at and then didn‟t know which was worse . . .
the feel of his hot, hard erection, its skin sliding beneath her fingers . . . or the sight of the
dark-haired woman splayed against the wall. Head tipped back, nude, her hands held high
so that they raised her breasts, and her feet spread wide and bound in place. Another
woman with short dark hair stood nearby with a whip that had clearly already left marks
on her companion‟s belly.
Marian swallowed, tried to catch her breath. . . . She felt the chamber walls pushing
closer, warmer, redder on her until there was naught to see but the woman against the
wall.
The pale man moved to take the whip, pausing to fondle the breast of the woman he‟d
taken it from.
“Mavis, go to her,” he ordered, and the short-haired woman moved to the wall.
“Ahh,” John sighed in Marian‟s ear, forcing her hand to move faster. “Glynna is
delicious, is she not? The one on the wall?”
Even if she‟d had an opinion, Marian couldn‟t have voiced it. She concentrated on
breathing, on moving her arm in a non-stop rhythm . . . her body taut and quivering,

pounding, swollen, wet . . . tight.
Her arm moved faster and faster, and she could not ignore the scene in front of her. . . .
Mavis knelt in front of the bound woman, spreading wide her bare knees so that the deep
red of Glynna‟s quim was exposed to the room.
Marian‟s breath caught as that dark head bent to the woman in front of her, and the
sounds of lapping, of sloppy damp laving, filled the air over the rising harsh breaths of
the prince, and the roaring in her own ears.
Almost . . . she almost felt the strokes on her, over her, her quim full and ready. . . . Her
mouth was dry as she watched Glynna, bound and helpless, writhing against the wall as
the kneeling woman bent to her . . . and then pulled away, running her fingers all along
the insides of her thighs as the bound woman struggled and arched . . . and then the
tormentor bent again as Glynna begged Please, please. . . . Marian felt the teasing, the
stop-starting, the pounding and wet of her own little pearl . . . the damp growing between
her legs.
“Faster,” John ordered, releasing her hand to grope for her breast, his breathing heavy
and hot in her ear. Her arm ached from the motion, and yet she dared not stop. . . . She
could do naught but focus on the women in front of her, and watched as the pale man
pulled Mavis away, sending her tumbling across the room.
The man shoved himself inside Glynna, and Marian saw her eyes fly wide, watched as he
pumped inside her, his hands clawing at her breasts. . . . Marian‟s arm screamed with
pain, and yet she continued on, faster, matching the rhythm of the man fucking the
woman against the wall . . . her breath, her heartbeat, her eyes, all focused, centered,
there. . . .
John cried out, and she felt the surge from his cock, the wet over her hand, the shuddering
in his body. She pulled her hand away, turning from him, wiping his seed on the first
cloth she groped, the woman‟s pleading cries still filling her ears, the sounds of body
slamming into body, the gasps and groans.
She couldn‟t catch her breath, and the room felt close and small around her. The cries and
the heavy sweet wine made her soft and loose . . . yet tight and desperate. . . . She
couldn‟t get away, couldn‟t look anywhere but at the woman‟s mouth, open in pleasure or
pain, her head rolling against the stones behind her, the taut, spare muscle of the man
slamming into her, his buttocks moving, his slender, ropy arms tense as they groped at
her.
Suddenly, Marian felt strong hands on her . . . strong, solid hands, warm . . . and she was
pulled away, turned from the sight of them fucking, her hair catching painfully. . . .
Dizzy, light-headed, she stumbled and fell. . . . Those strong hands caught her and she
tumbled against him, his solid, bare skin . . . an exchange of deep rumbling voices, a
sharp response, and aye . . . Will.
Will.
Her dull mind recognized him, his touch, the way he moved, the rumble in his chest as he
spoke something she couldn‟t understand. He was around her, holding her, his hands
smoothing over her body, up along her back, through the masses of hair, pulling her close
to his chest with a powerful arm, and then shifting her away.

She rolled free in a swirl of hair, falling onto something soft . . . the bed. . . . It dipped
when he joined her, the yellow light from the chamber about them disappearing as he
yanked the bed-curtains around closed, leaving only a narrow strip of light on either side.
And then . . . nothing.
She lay there, heart still pounding, breathing heavily, unsettled, irritated. . . . The images
still haunted her, teased her. Beyond their curtained space, Marian heard the
unmistakable sounds of coupling, of wet, slick strokes, the slap of skin against skin . . .
the pleasured moans, the pained cries. . . . She needed something . . . to move, to be
touched. . . . She needed relief, to be rid of this tightness, this incessant throbbing and
pounding that made her feel like crawling out of her skin.
“Will,” she whispered. . . . It came out like a soft moan, like a little plea. She reached out,
felt for him, found the warm tension of his arm next to her. She became aware of his
breathing, rough and heavy, and the absolute stillness of his body. As if he were frozen,
bracing for something.
“I . . . please . . .” She didn‟t know, didn‟t know what to say, how to ask. . . . The
unsettling, squirming feeling roiling inside her was strong, desperate.
He made a soft noise, like a sigh deep in his chest, and suddenly his hands were on her.
The next thing she knew, he‟d dragged her on top of him, half over his wide, solid chest,
and he brought her face down for a hungry kiss.
His hands moved over her, catching up her breasts where they tipped above him, finding
the nipples that had tightened. He released her mouth and grasped her waist to move her
up, above him, settling her full, wet quim over his belly. Unable to help it, she moved,
pressing her throbbing little pip into his skin, seeking relief, grinding madly into him.
He made a noise—mayhap it was her name—planting his hands on her hips as he lifted
his head. Will found one of her nipples, closing his warm mouth around it.
Marian gasped. Her face lifted, her head tipping back at the sharp pleasure—at last!—
shooting down, from breast to belly to the little throbbing piece between her legs. As he
sucked and licked over the top of her sensitive nipple, she cried and squirmed against
him, feeling his breathing roughen beneath her, conscious of the little pulses between her
legs. More . . . more . . .
At last, he released her breast, tumbling her off and to the side next to him. Will moved
with her too, somehow managing not to catch her hair under an elbow or a hip or leg as
he levered his torso half over hers, one hand propping himself near her hips, the other
near her shoulder.
Yes, aye, oh . . . please, she was ready. She wanted . . . She made a little noise, another
desperate gasp, and hitched her hips impatiently. He buried his face in her neck, hot and
damp, kissing her shoulder, using his strong tongue to glide along the tender part there as
she twitched and writhed and thought about begging.
Urgent, desperate, she reached, her hand glancing over his belly, still damp from her
moisture moments ago. She felt the rough hair growing there, then the waist of his braies.
. . . She slipped her hand down into the heat.
“Nay,” he said suddenly, the word a clipped order. Lifting his face from her neck, he
shifted out of reach and her hand fell away. And then she forgot all, for his fingers moved

between her legs.
Marian cried out, arching up into his hand as he found her swollen pip. Oh, aye . . . he
slid a finger deep inside, and then another one, filling her . . . moving in and out, sliding
through the pool of dampness. He used his thumb to massage in and around, caressing
her swollen labia, gently flicking over her tight little pip, slow and easy . . . and then, as
she began to breathe more urgently, feeling the pleasure gather there, he teased and
rubbed harder, faster, his own breath hot on her neck, his skin sticky against hers.
Marian‟s eyes were closed, and she knew naught but the rise and tightening of pleasure . .
. the climb toward relief, as it coiled—almost painfully—there beneath his hand strokes .
. . and all at once she slipped over with a cry, bursting into delicious warmth and gasping
with the rolling waves of relief as she shuddered against him.
Oh, aye . . . aye . . .
Her face was wet, her body still twitching, the little pearl between her legs heavy and
pulsing, the gentle weight of his hand against it, as she sifted back to reality. Then he
moved away, eased his fingers free, and she blinked her eyes open, finding the lit seam of
the bed-curtains and a haze over her vision. Despite all that had happened, Marian could
not keep a satisfied smile from curving her lips. . . . She had needed that so, needed the
blast of release, the touch of a strong body, sure fingers, skillful mouth.
But Will . . . he‟d moved away, and before she could speak, or reach for him—she
wanted to touch him—he sat up, flung the curtains open.
“Come,” he said sharply, quietly, looking not at her but into the chamber beyond.
Only then did Marian become aware that the sounds of pleasure beyond their curtained
sanctuary had not eased. But Will had opened the opposite side of the bed, out of sight of
the others. When he beckoned, she moved sluggishly toward him, still languid and dazed
from the wine and pleasure.
Will grabbed her arm and pulled her along, unspeaking, away from the bed. He snatched
up a wrap of some sort and flung it over her: a dusty cloak with a hood that would hide
her distinctive hair, and the rest of her body.
From the other end of the chamber, beyond the bed they‟d just vacated, came the sounds
of pleasure and pain, of flesh slaps and guttural cries, galvanizing Marian to move more
readily. She wanted to escape before John noticed them, and she understood that silence
and speed were imperative.
To that end, she couldn‟t be concerned with the pile of her discarded clothing, yet Will
snatched it up, bundling it under his arm and towing her along with his other hand.
Moments later, they were safely outside the chamber, and she noticed that he‟d left his
own clothing behind. He still wore only the low-hanging braies, which defied the law of
nature and remained at his hips.
“Come,” he hissed again, without a look at her. One of the guards made a move as if to
question him, but Will turned and gave him a cold order. “Yield.”
Thus, dressed only in a cloak, Marian hurried behind him—bare of foot, cloak flapping,
propelled along by his grip to keep pace with his long strides.
She was breathless by the time they reached her bedchamber, and Marian pulled from
Will‟s grip. He‟d said naught during their quick negotiation of hallways and staircases,

rushing her along as if he couldn‟t wait to be rid of her. She‟d caught a glimpse of his set
face, but he made no move to speak or to otherwise acknowledge her presence.
Ethelberga did not answer the door, and the antechamber, where the maid should have
been sleeping at this late hour, was empty. A fire burned therein, along with a well-placed
wall sconce, giving the chamber good light. Turning to close the door, Marian found Will
standing there, his eyes sharp. His presence gave her a start, for he‟d seemed so eager to
get her back to the chamber and be on his way.
“Your maid is not here?” he said.
“Nay, and what a tongue-lashing she‟ll get from me,” Marian said. “Though,” she added
with a self-conscious laugh, “I trow I am in no need of her assistance to disrobe this
night.”
He didn‟t respond to her attempt at humor, and instead stepped over the threshold into the
antechamber. She looked up at him, very conscious of the fact that they were alone, and
that much had happened this day.
In this chamber, where he‟d burst in earlier today and . . .
Pretended to rape her. And then tonight, in the prince‟s quarters, when she‟d tried to
touch him, he‟d rejected her overture. Why?
I am no saint, Marian. I do not deny ’twould please me greatly.
Yet . . . he did not touch her when he had the chance.
Nay . . . he had touched her . . . but not for his own pleasure. She swallowed harder as
something fluttered in her belly, and she glanced up and found him watching her. Behind
him the door gaped open.
Feeling exposed, she pushed it closed, sensing that he was about to speak. Yet he did not
appear friendly or the least approachable; his mouth had settled into a flat line and he
looked at her as if he didn‟t know her. Distant, impersonal.
But she found it difficult to look away from the breadth of his shoulders and the faint
sheen on his tanned, dark-haired chest. Marian could see a band of white skin above his
low-hanging braies, testament to the fact that he must train or practice in the sunlight
without a tunic or shirt.
She‟d been gathered against that solid torso, shuddering and trembling, only moments
ago. Her mouth became dry and she licked her lips, aware of her nakedness beneath the
cloak. His mouth on her breast, his hands between her legs. She swallowed. Heat flushed
over her.
“Marian,” he said, his voice rough, impatient. “Are you . . . ?”
She looked up at him, and her insides flipped. He was reaching toward her, his hand
moving toward her face. Marian‟s heart started pounding and then he touched her,
brushing a strand of hair from where it had caught at the corner of her mouth.
A musky scent reached her nose, and she grabbed his wrist, barely able to fit her fingers
around it. Though her grip wasn‟t strong, he didn‟t pull away as she brought his fingers
closer. ‟Twas her own scent there, still strong on his skin from when he‟d stroked her.
Their eyes met over their joined fists, and she gently moved them up and toward his nose.
His eyes darkened to black, a tiny glow of the fire reflected there, and his nostrils flared
as he drew in the scent. Marian felt weak in the knees at the expression in the black

depths. Hunger . . . remorse . . . fear.
“Will,” she whispered. “Thank you.”
Her words seemed to break the spell. His face sharpened; he extricated his hand and
stepped back. “You have naught for which to thank me.”
Then he seemed to look around as if seeing the chamber again for the first time, cocking
his head. “Step away,” he said, his voice sharp. “I‟ll look inside.” He gestured to the door
behind her, and she realized with a start that he meant to go into her chamber.
He brushed past, obvious in his attempt to avoid touching her as she stood in front of the
door. Shoving it open, he went inside.
“I suspected as much,” she heard him say in a cold voice.
“Nottingham,” came an even response. “I cannot say the same.”
“Robin?” Marian exclaimed, rushing into the room, cloak flapping at her heels.
Indeed. None other but Robin Hood sat comfortably on the stool in the corner of her
room, beneath the horse-eye peephole. A fire burned happily, lending a soft glow to the
room. He seemed more annoyed than apprehensive about the arrival of the man sworn to
hang him.
“Marian! What has befallen you?” Robin shot to his feet when he saw her. Then he spun
toward Will, a menacing look on his face. Before Marian could react, he had a knife in
his hand. “What has happened?”
“The prince,” Will replied flatly. Ignoring the knife, he advanced. “And you are more a
fool than I believed possible.” He looked as if he was about to lunge toward the other
man.
But Marian intervened. “Robin, what are you doing here?” she asked, frightened. Will‟s
face had gone from blank and cold to deadly furious. Why had Robin been so foolish as
to come back to the keep?
She moved closer to him, as if to block him from Will . . . an odd thing, she realized
belatedly, for ‟twas Robin who had the blade and not the sheriff.
“The prince? It looks as though he had some assistance,” Robin said cuttingly. “Am I to
believe he acted alone, without the help of his black cohort the sheriff?” He was looking,
not at her, but at the half-dressed Will, and he still held the knife as if prepared to use it.
Will muttered something foul under his breath and Marian felt the loathing rolling off
him. “Take care at whom you throw accusations, Locksley.”
“Robin—” Marian started to plead, but she was cut off.
“What has happened?” he asked again, still looking at Will.
“Naught as of yet, but ‟tis not for lack of trying.” Now Will glanced at her, eyes glittering
black. “Mayhap you wish to cover yourself, Lady Marian.”
Marian looked down and saw that with her sudden movement toward Robin, the cloak
had slipped and caught on the edge of a trunk. The fabric gaped wide open, clearly
displaying her state of undress. She gathered the edges together, wondering, What did it
matter? Will had seen all there was to see, and Robin had felt most of it.
“Naught has happened, you say?” Robin said, lifting his chin belligerently at Will. “Then
how came she—”
“Robin,” Marian began again, more frantically. She grabbed his arm, pulling him back,

ignoring the further slip of her cloak. The expression on Will‟s face frightened her, and
Robin‟s bravado was not assisting matters. He must get out of here before the sheriff
arrested him.
How could he have been such a fool?
“Cover yourself, Marian,” Will ordered, then grabbed her by the arm and yanked her
from his path. She stumbled but caught herself against the wall, pulling the cloak tighter.
“Will,” she tried. “Please don—”
He turned on her, lips so tight they were white at the edges. “Do not be a fool, Marian. I
am not about to slay your lover in these chambers.”
“Slay me?” Robin snorted. “How? You have no weapon.” He looked pointedly at Will‟s
simple attire.
“If I chose to put you in your grave, I would need no weapon. So I suggest you leave
before your presence here is found out.”
“Mayhap Lady Marian shall accompany me back to Sherwood,” Robin said, moving now
too. The next thing she knew, he had his arm around her belly, and the knife blade at her
throat. “I trow I can keep her from the hands of John better than his cohort the Sheriff of
Nottinghamshire.”
Marian wasn‟t the least bit frightened of the dagger at her throat; it was Will and his
black look she feared. For a moment, he looked as though he might lunge forward, knife
or nay . . . and then the feral light died from his eyes to be replaced by a malicious gleam.
“Aye,” he said. “If the lady is kidnapped and taken by the outlaw Robin Hood, not only
will she be safe from the lecherous eyes of the prince . . . but I shall also be obliged to
gather up every able-bodied man to flush the outlaw and his band from the forest. I am
certain you would wish for that.”
Robin‟s fingers had slipped between the edges of the cloak, and she felt his warm hand
on her belly . . . and then up to brush over her breast. She snatched in a little intake of
breath and resisted the urge to stomp his foot. Instead of trying to escape when cornered,
he did naught but taunt his enemy and play games.
“But you know they will never find us,” Robin said, inching her a bit toward the door.
“You may send all of the king‟s men into the forest and never flush us out.” Behind the
neatly trimmed beard and mustache beamed a sly smile, clearly taunting his opponent.
His fingers brushed the underside of her breast, and a thumb slipped up over her nipple.
She remained rigid, despite the fact that he caused a little tingle to rise.
By the saints, she knew how to put an end to this standoff.
“You are the veriest of fools, Locksley,” Will said in a biting voice. “You would risk the
safety of your lady and her reputation by openly making her your consort, your
accomplice. And would you then be willing to allow her to hang from the scaffold next to
you?”
Judging the moment right, Marian pulled free from Robin—after all, his hold was more
for show than for anything else—and whirled toward Will. ‟Twas unfortunate . . . or
mayhap not so unfortunate . . . that her captor had been holding the cloak more tightly
than he‟d gripped her person. The covering slipped from her body as she moved, leaving
her once again clothed only in a swirl of hair.

“God‟s teeth, Marian,” Will snarled as Robin simply stood there, holding the sagging
cloak.
“Robin, you fool,” she cried, “go!” She flung herself at Will, knowing that while she had
little chance of stopping him by force, she might befuddle him enough that Robin could
escape. She slammed against him, causing nary a jolt to his stance, but knocking the
breath from her lungs and acquiring the sharp dig of a wayward elbow. His hands
automatically closed around her arms, steadying her.
“Blast,” Robin said lightly, indeed slipping past her toward the door, “ ‟tis a hardship to
leave that sight. But I am not the fool you think I am, Nottingham. Until the morrow,
sweeting,” he said to Marian—and he was gone.
Will fairly shoved Marian away from him, but to her vast relief, he did not rush out the
door after the outlaw. She would have launched herself at him if he had, little good
though that would do.
“I should have sent you with him,” he said, looking down at her with a very different
expression. “Marian, for the rood‟s sake, cover yourself.” This time the command
sounded more like a plea than an order.
Realizing she was not only breathing heavily but very naked, Marian backed away from
Will and reached for a fur from the bed to gather it up in front of her. The fox felt silky
and luxurious against her bare skin.
“Mayhap he is right. Though he is an outlaw, you would be out of the prince‟s reach if
you hid with them in the forest,” Will said in the softest voice she‟d heard him use.
And then, without another word, he turned and strode out. “Lay the bolt,” he ordered,
pausing in the antechamber, then exited into the passage.
Marian moved to comply, peeking out after him to ensure that Robin had gone, and that
Will was not giving chase. The hall was empty but for the figure of a half-clothed
Nottingham, striding smoothly away without a backward look.
She bolted the door, once again annoyed by the absence of her maid, and retired to the
inner chamber.
Will‟s words gave her pause. She could go with Robin. Stay with him, be with him. They
would likely become lovers . . . and she would leave behind the threat of the prince.
But Will would come after them, even more fiercely than before. He had the right of it:
the gentry would be incensed by the abduction of a noblewoman by the bandits. And if
she admitted her desire to be with Robin, not only would she then be regarded as an
outlaw and thus subject to the reach of the law . . . but she would no longer be in Ludlow,
able to spy on John for the queen, and on Will, for Robin himself.
Not that, Marian admitted, she‟d yet found anything of import to tell the queen. Or to
help Robin. When in John‟s presence, she‟d spent more time in a state of unease or
discomfiting arousal than anything else.
Nay, much as she might wish to be with Robin, she could not go. She must stay in the
keep, within reach of the grasp of the prince.
And Will.

CHAPTER 9
A lys of Wentworth pulled the cloak‟s hood up and over her head, hurrying through the
hall. Empty of diners and drinkers, the vast room offered shelter to the half dozen hounds
twitching and groaning by the fireplaces near the dozing serf boys charged with keeping
the blazes going. A man-at-arms well beyond his cups slumped in one corner, and
another, propped up on the trestle table by naught but his nose, snored loudly.
Long past vespers, hours since the evening meal had finished, the night was fading
toward dawn. It had been a tiring day, and Alys was quite ready for her bed.
It had begun with the wild hunt, and all the gossip of Robin Hood . . . and then for her to
have been so unfortunate as to fall into the clutches of his men! Of all the things to have
happened when Sandy threw a shoe. And then for the blackhearted rogue to steal a kiss
from her . . . but most of all, to believe she might actually welcome it!
She pursed her lips as her fury at Robin Hood and his silly games rose anew. A bandit
with a love for himself so great that it threatened to explode his head! So foolish of him
to have crept into the keep last night. Why would he travel into the nest of the very hawk
that wished to devour him?
‟Twas simple. . . . He believed he would not be caught! Well, he would have a fine
surprise if he ever accosted her in the keep. Joanna of Wardhamshire might giggle and
blush at his kisses, but Alys had no misconceptions. The man was an outlaw, and he must
be made to face the laws of the land.
As had happened throughout the day since her escape from Robin Hood, Alys felt the
anger boiling inside her. A slick, cowardly bandit slipping through the night, stealing
from good people—why, her friend Lady Marian had nearly lost her belongings to the
outlaws! And then to make light of it by—
A faint noise from the shadows startled her. She paused, heart thumping, and looked . . .
but saw nothing. Raising her chin at her foolishness, Alys continued on along the rear
passageway of the keep toward the staircase that led to the second floor.
She had just turned the corner and seen the steps at the far end of the passage when she
noticed a tall figure walking toward her.
The yellow light of a wall sconce cast illumination over his face and—saints! bare
torso!—and Alys recognized him immediately. Nottingham.
He didn‟t appear to see her moving swiftly through the shadows, for his head was bowed,
as it had been earlier today when she‟d found him near the same place. At that time, he‟d
seemed ill and out of sorts, very troubled . . . and to see such a handsome, powerful man
so vulnerable had tugged at her healer‟s heart. Not to mention her womanly desires.
Now he merely paused at one of the window slits and looked out into the night.
She drew near, her heart thumping and curiosity dampening her palms. He was so very
large and dark, with an aura of annoyance that most often put people off . . . yet there was
something about him that caught deeply at her. And she had seen the expression on his
face earlier today; he‟d looked disgusted, ill, and yet resigned. Now he stood, staring into
the dark, an image of tension and frustration.

As she approached, Alys tried to think of what she might say to him, to ease whatever it
was that ailed the man . . . but before she could, he looked up and saw her.
“Lady Alys,” he said, turning from the window. “What do you about this time of night?”
His voice cut sharply, coldly into the silence, and if she had not had a grandfather with
much the same temperament, she might have been frightened by his discourtesy. As it
was, she felt a shiver at his unfeeling expression. He was a man one did not wish to
anger.
“Good morrow, my lord,” she said, moving closer. “I seek my bed at last, though the sun
is nigh ready to rise.”
“ ‟ Tis not safe for a lady to be out alone in the night, even in the castle.” He stepped
toward her, and for a moment her lungs seemed not to work. He was so large, and dark,
and forbidding . . . and even more so with naught to cover his chest and belly. He was
broad and haired and scarred . . . very daunting. He made no move to cover himself, nor
did he seem to care that she saw him in such a state.
She swallowed and pulled her eyes away from his imposing chest . . . and found her gaze
snagged by cold eyes. “I had my maid with me, but I allowed her to stay behind. Her
sister lives here in Ludlow—a freewoman, married to Frederick the fishmonger—and she
had taken ill. Rose—my maid—knows of my skill with healing, and she begged that I
might assist her.” She moistened her lips, aware that her voice trembled a bit.
“And so you came from your soft warm bed to help your maid‟s sister.” His words came
out more quietly, but only a bit. Frustration and impatience colored their tone much more
strongly than empathy.
Alys shrugged. “I have oft been called from my bed at Wentworth for the same purpose.
‟Tis nothing new.” She looked boldly up at him. “I am a healer, my lord. Will you not tell
me what ails you?”
At this proximity, despite the wavering torchlight, she could see the lines etched on his
face, the weariness in his eyes. A brittleness too, which she feared might crack.
“There is naught that ails me, Lady Alys,” he replied flatly.
She reached for him, touching his warm arm. “I would that you trusted me enough. If you
are ill, you know where to find me. I . . .” She felt a rising flush warm her face, but she
continued. “I would have a care for you if you wish.” She drew in a deep breath. “I
should very much . . . like to.”
“A care for me?” Incredulity laced his voice. “Do not be a fool, Lady Alys. There are
others for whom you should cast your heart in the stead of my black one. I am fit for no
lady.”
She‟d expected nothing less from such a man, and would have spoken again, but he drew
aside, turning his face away. “Take yourself to bed, Lady Alys.”
Then, as if gaining control of some runaway emotion, a breath later he added, “If you
have need of going to the village again at night, send for me and I will find a man to
accompany you. ‟Tis foolish of you to take such a chance. This is not Wentworth, and
you are not the lady of this manor. And now . . . I will escort you to your chamber to
ensure your safety.”
She shook her head. “Nay. There is no need. I can see the steps from here, and there is no

one about . . . for you have just come from above, is that not so?”
Why that simple question should turn his expression even blacker, she did not know. But
she did step back at the look in his eyes, heart thumping.
He said nothing, however, and turned away. “I will escort you to your chamber, Lady
Alys.” And with that, their discussion seemed to be at an end.
But just as he gestured for her to accompany him—and she hesitated at touching his bare
arm, so close to such a naked chest—there was a loud shout from the direction of the hall.
Nottingham stiffened and listened, and when there was a similarly violent response, he
cursed under his breath.
“I must investigate,” he said. “Yet I am loath to leave you to make your way alone.”
“I am in no danger of losing my way here, Sir William. As I have said, I can see the steps
from here, and you forget—I have also made my way from the village across the bailey
and through the hall . . . all without incident. I am certain I shall find my way without
mishap.”
A nasty crash from the hall pulled his attention from her, causing his lips to flatten even
farther. “Very well, then. But make haste.” And with that, he turned and hurried off
toward the hall.
Alys could not help but watch, noticing how gracefully and smoothly he moved, despite
the bulk of his body. A man that large and powerful should not have the grace of a cat . . .
yet he did.
She turned and began to make her way toward the stairwell, the noise of whatever
altercation had begun in the hall echoing behind her. A mere three steps away from her
climb, Alys felt something behind her.
She spun, heart pounding, just in time to see a figure emerge from the shadows.
“Lady Alys,” said Robin Hood, moving toward her. “What a delightful surprise.” His
smile was charming and a bit self-deprecating, as if he was encouraging her to join him in
a bit of humor—but uncertain if she would. And mayhap . . . mayhap that grin was a bit
forced. “I hope I do not interrupt your tête-à-tête.”
He was comely to look at; that she could not deny. Though the light was dim, she
remembered his sparkling blue eyes from earlier, and she could even see a hint of that
gleam now. Though half his face was obscured by his beard and mustache, she could
make out the strong lines of his jaw and sculpted cheekbones, and his elegant brows
arched beneath the thick fringe of his dark blond hair.
“What are you doing here?” She stepped back, yet only a bit. Fascination and
exasperation at the man‟s foolish boldness kept her steady. She had no fear of him, of
course. Naught but abhorrence for his imprudent ways. “And unless you caused the
disturbance in the hall, the interruption was none of your doing.”
To her surprise, Robin smiled ruefully. “Alas, I am discovered. I have disrupted my lady
about her business of wooing the cold, flat-eyed Sheriff of Nottingham.”
It took her a moment to comprehend, but then she did. “I did hear you earlier, then. I
thought I felt as if someone followed me. You sneaked back and caused some fight in the
hall in order to draw him away, did you not? You are indeed a sneaky fiend!” She would
have pushed past him, but he stepped forward and blocked her way.

“My lady, I could not resist. ‟Twas fairly painful for me to witness your attempt to seduce
the man.”
Alys felt a flush begin to creep over her throat. Horrid of him to have seen Nottingham‟s
flat-out rejection. “You are beyond foolish to come inside his stronghold yet again when
he hunts you so fiercely.”
He shifted toward her, crowding her toward a shadowy alcove. He smelled fresh and
woodsy, like crushed pine needles. “I had business to attend herein.”
“Someone to rob?” She became aware of the shift of darkness over her face, enveloping
her person as he edged closer. The stone wall brushed her hand and she realized that her
heart had begun to pump a bit faster.
“Nay,” Robin replied. “But I would find it no hardship to steal a kiss from a lovely lady.”
“Ah . . . so if your business was not to rob a slumbering rich lord, it must have been to
visit some woman who sighs at the mere mention of your name . . . and who sleeps with
your green ribbon favor.”
“I don‟t believe they sleep with my green ribbon favor,” he said, the corners of his eyes
crinkling and his dimples showing beneath the beard, “but mayhap I ought to make such
a suggestion. Alas, I cannot be everywhere at once.”
“And so your head grows the larger! Soon even the forest will not be vast enough to
accommodate it,” she said, rolling her eyes in disgust. “I cannot fathom that the ladies
swoon and gasp when they see you.”
“Do I sense a bit of envy that you‟ve not received a pretty green ribbon, Lady Alys? Do
not be ashamed to admit it.” He leaned closer. “For you are speaking to the one who can
correct that situation.”
‟Twas all she could do not to laugh in his face . . . but the light in his eyes, a lingering
intensity there, kept her from more than a scoff. “I have plenty of ribbons, Robin Hood,
and several of them are green. I am in no need of yet another frill.”
“Come now, Lady Alys. A green ribbon would look very lovely twined in your honey
gold hair,” he murmured. His eyelids had become heavy and he was looking at her in
such a way as to make the insides of her belly flutter.
‟Twas a feeling she did not welcome in the least.
“Robin Hood, I do not wish to have anything from you . . . least of which a green ribbon,
which was most likely stolen from some other lady,” she said, the wall very close behind
her now, and the warmth of his person seeping into her awareness. “Did I not tell you
most clearly today that should I be accosted by you, I should not hesitate to raise the
alarm?”
“Aye, that you did.” And still he did not release his gaze . . . which had somehow become
fastened upon her lips.
“And yet you string my patience taut.”
He gave a low little chuckle. “My lady Alys, I am most accustomed to a woman speaking
what she believes is on her mind . . . but more oft than not, I find that what she speaks is
not what she truly means.”
“And so now, sirrah, you accuse me of not knowing my own mind?” she replied, raising
her hands to push at his chest.

Not as tall as the forbidding sheriff, nor as powerfully built, he was nevertheless muscular
and graceful. Lean and strong, and more wickedly handsome than she would willingly
admit. And he did not make the slightest shift when she shoved at him.
“But ‟tis quite obvious, Lady Alys . . . for if you‟d truly intended to cry ware, you would
have done so long before now.” His grin was wide and knowing and he leaned in.
Infuriated—for he was partially correct, curse the man—Alys drew in her breath to shriek
to high heaven.
The scream was forever caught in her mouth, for he timed his assault perfectly and
covered her lips at that moment.
This kiss was violently different from the one they‟d shared in his treetop hideaway; his
lips were much more demanding, much less tentative and coaxing. He ate at her, his
tongue thrusting into her mouth as if he‟d die if he did not kiss her . . . and she found
herself closing her eyes, opening her mouth to take him in farther.
His hands, fingers trembling, shoved into her hair, pulling it free from the braids that had
long since loosened, and his hips pressed her against the cold, damp wall. Alys found that
her fingers had curled into his plain-cloth tunic; instead of pushing him away, as she‟d
attempted a moment ago, she drew him closer. She didn‟t know why. She didn‟t care.
She loved the long, strong lines of his body, the warmth of him pressing her against the
wall as her hands moved over the planes of his chest, feeling the swell of muscle there, as
she tasted the heat of his mouth. Her knees began to loosen, and she felt herself falling. . .
.
When she fully realized what she was doing, that she‟d become weak-kneed and mindboggled, she yanked her face away from his. Breathing heavily, she opened her mouth
and screamed.
Robin reeled away from her, his eyes wide and shocked as she continued to cry warning
at the top of her lungs.
“Foolish woman!” he said, every trace of good humor gone. His eyes flashed sparks
instead of charm. “Do you want me killed?”
“Foolish man,” she gasped, still out of breath. “Did you not listen when I warned you
thus? I am no simple and easy woman, Robin Hood. I will not be wooed by falsities and a
flattering tongue.”
“Viper!” he accused, and as they heard the pounding of footsteps coming toward them, he
disappeared into the shadows.
“I do not care for your green ribbons!” she hissed after him, and leaned against the wall,
pressing her hands against her lips. Trembling.
She knew that she would lie to the man now coming to her rescue. Just as the Sheriff of
Nottingham had lied to her earlier.

The cloak fell away, leaving Marian chilled and warm at the same time . . . an odd
sensation. Her hair, braided and coiled heavily around her head, left her fully exposed.
Her nipples puckered tightly, her skin heated from the fire, yet pebbled where the warmth

could not reach. Her body stood, stretched, pale and creamy, dusted with brushstrokes of
rich, golden freckles. The dance of flames warmed every swell and hollow.
Robin covered her mouth with smiling lips, laughing with great humor as they curved
over hers . . . his hands sliding over her, slender and elegant, drawing her close to his
warm, lean body . . . and she was falling, falling. . . .
The bed caught her, the slick, smooth furs embraced her . . . and he landed next to her, his
hands sliding between her legs, his fingers finding her hard little pearl, covering it,
teasing . . . and when she rolled over, there was Will, dark and heavy, on the other side.
His eyes, shadowed and flat, filled her vision as he came closer, bending to her. His
mouth covered hers, masking her soft little moan as Robin knelt before her, his fingers
warm on her hips.
Hands all over her . . . too many, sliding, caressing, cupping . . . large, dark ones on her
white breasts, lifting, stroking . . . a swarthy face bending to cover her lips again,
blocking her view as someone drew her knees wide. The brush of his silky hair over her
legs, on the sides of her thighs as he bent there . . . teasing, taunting, as she lifted and
rocked her hips, desperately seeking completion, her mouth filled with a slick hot tongue,
devoured by hungry lips.
Her quim opened, ready, hot, and wet . . . then a dark head at her breast, sucking long,
hard . . . pulling away and then slipping a strong tongue around and over the tip of her
nipple so that she gasped and arched and writhed.
But strong hands held her hips, her knees wide . . . elegant hands, and she could see the
top of a blond head bending between her legs . . . the swipe of a tongue that sent her
twisting and careening under the large dark hands that held her shoulders, pinning her to
the bed. She couldn‟t see. . . . She could only feel the delicious assault on her body . . .
sleek, slick strokes at her mouth, at her quim. . . .
She cried out, restless; she lifted and twitched and begged . . . and suddenly there was
John, his dark face rapt and intent . . . and she felt the stone wall behind her, scraping
rough over her back and buttocks as she struggled to free herself from the manacles.
Her wrists and hands were fixed and John moved closer, kneeling at her feet, his fingers
sliding in and around her swollen quim, his fingers pressing into the soft flesh of her
thighs . . . his lips thick and moist and red, moving forward to cover her mound, his
tongue sliding strong and delving deep as she looked around and saw Robin, and Will . . .
watching.
... Watching with avid eyes, full lips, as John licked and sucked on her, forcing her into
the rough masonry, scraping her skin as she struggled to get free . . . to find release as the
prince teased her, pushing her to the edge and then stepping away to leer and laugh at her
as she writhed and moaned, pleading for more.
And then he fell on her again, driving his tongue deep into her until she cried out, begged
. . . and then he stood to cup her breasts and torture them, with long dragging pulls,
sucking her nipples hard and sending painful whorls of pleasure as his fingers slipped
inside her.
And then they were gone . . . all of them. ‟Twas only darkness and a cold room, and she
hung helplessly from the wall, the manacles heavy and tight on her wrists, her ankles . . .

her pip swollen and needy, her body humming and desperate, her breasts sore and tight
and heavy. . . .
The insistent knocking on her chamber door drew Marian from the depths of her dream.
“My lady, can you be awake?”
Groggy. Heart pounding.
Marian forced her eyes open, banishing the images. She rolled to the side, aware that
though the dream had gone, she still throbbed between her legs as if John and Robin and
Will truly had been there, their lips and hands on her.
“Ethelberga!” she said crossly. “Enter.”
The maid came in and Marian blinked, trying to dispel the remnants of the arousing,
disturbing dream.
“Where did you go last night?” She sat up, becoming aware that the sun was high enough
to indicate that she‟d missed Mass. And she smelled a tinge of smoke in the air.
“I am very sorry, my lady,” Ethelberga said, and at that moment, Marian saw through the
doorway that Lady Joanna waited in the antechamber. “I received your message to await
you in the hall, but you did not come, and it became very late and at last I returned to
here. When I did, I found you already returned and well asleep.”
Marian had opened her mouth to flay her maid for her irresponsibility, but now she
closed it. Robin. It had to have been Robin who had sent Ethelberga away so that he
could wait for her within. Clever, but he was still a fool . . . he who had not expected
Nottingham to be with her upon her return.
What had he thought would transpire, meeting her privately in her chamber?
The insistent throbbing between her legs, the memory of his hand sliding expertly there
as he pressed her against the tree . . . she had no reason to wonder what he had hoped.
When her mistress didn‟t speak, Ethelberga took that as permission to continue. “My
lady, I only woke you because Lady Joanna be without.”
“I can see that,” Marian replied a bit tartly. Still shaky and trembling from a dream that
had felt much too real, she knew nevertheless that now was the time to rise. Glancing out
the window slit, she saw that something seemed to be burning beyond the keep‟s walls,
which explained the strong smell of smoke. “Joanna, I shall be only a moment.”
“Hurry, Marian,” Joanna said, her voice urgent. “Do you make haste—we must go see.
They say he is burning the village!”
“Who?” Marian gestured sharply to Ethelberga, who closed the door a bit and hurried
into the room to dig through her trunks for a bliaud and an overgown—a task that should
already have been done. Pressing her lips together in annoyance, Marian slid from the
bed, acutely aware of the pressure of her legs over her swollen quim.
“The sheriff! They say he is burning the village. I cannot believe it!”
Marian stilled, absorbing her words. Will was burning the village? No. He couldn‟t.
Why?
A blast of disappointment and then anger washed over her—and then she wondered why
she should be so shocked and appalled. She knew what he was, whom he was loyal to.
Why would she expect anything different?
Moments later the two women hurried out into the bailey, where a groom had their

saddled horses waiting. A black billow of smoke curled from Ludlow Village beyond the
bailey‟s gate, giving credence to the rumor that the blaze was no small incident.
Marian and Joanna rode quickly through the throngs of people, the villeins shuffling
away from their path.
As they approached the crowd that had gathered along the main thoroughfare of the
village, the first thing Marian saw was Will, tall and imposing in his saddle, towering
over everyone about him. He watched the proceedings impassively, holding the reins
easily in his lap as the black curls of smoke filtered around him.
He appeared powerful and implacable, just as he always did. But Marian was struck by
the memory of how he‟d looked last night . . . that moment of vulnerability or . . .
something . . . when she‟d lifted their joined hands. That moment of tangled gazes, the
remorse and shame and anguish she saw there . . . it seemed at such great odds with this
unfeeling, emotionless . . . cruel . . . man.
Villagers had gathered and watched with dumbstruck faces streaked with dirt and smoke.
What had been three houses along the main road roared with flames, the heat so fierce
that the thick crowd was forced to stand away from the hot, wavering air.
“And the cooper‟s house as well,” Will ordered, lifting an imperious hand to point at a
fourth structure, which had a sagging roof and wide cracks between the boards. A mean
hovel, barely inhabitable. Marian had noticed it the day before, as they rode out for the
hunt.
“But they are so poor,” she cried to Joanna. All soft thoughts about Will had evaporated.
Now she knew who he was. “And he takes away what little they have! A blackhearted
man.”
Her companion appeared fascinated, rather than revolted. “He is a frightening man, but
methinks he does what must be done to keep the villagers under control. He has instilled
fear in their hearts, and they dare not naysay him. ‟Tis best that they are cowed and do
not seek to rise above their stations. They do not wish to pay the taxes that are due, and
‟tis incumbent upon the sheriff to support the tax collector.”
“But see how poor they are! One cannot squeeze water from a dry rag no matter how
hard one twists it!” As her father‟s only heir and a landowner herself, through her
husband, Marian knew of the gentle balance between managing the land and those who
worked it, culling what it could yield without destroying those who would reap the
harvest.
Galvanized and infuriated, Marian urged her horse forward, passing through the crowd
and then the cluster of men-at-arms who stood nearby to assist the sheriff.
“Will!” she cried, urging her horse up next to him. “What are you about?”
He turned at her voice, and from the great height of his destrier glowered down at her.
“This is naught of your concern, Lady Marian. Begone with you.”
“But, Will, how can you—”
His cold face turned even harsher. “Take yourself off or I shall have you taken off.” He
turned away, his unshaven jaw shifting. He must have risen early this morrow to have
accomplished this task so quickly. Had he slept at all?
Marian did not move at first, so stunned was she by the destruction she was witnessing

and the cruel expression on his face. The sheriff was bound to uphold justice, and to care
for the people of his shire by enforcing the law and protecting them. Not by destroying
their homes and livelihood when they could no longer pay their due.
She reached for him, determined to have his attention. But when she leaned across to
accost him, he merely pulled his arm away as though she meant to give him the plague.
“Gavin, Hugh,” Will shouted to his men-at-arms without looking away from the blaze in
front of them, “see that Lady Marian is returned to the keep. Immediately.”
She didn‟t wait for the two soldiers to move toward her. Marian wheeled her palfrey
about and started away, sick at heart.
And then she realized what she must do.

CHAPTER 10
T he forest grew thick and dark, allowing just a dappling of light over the bushes and
leaves. Only a few patches of straggly grass and shade-loving bushes had the tenacity to
rise from beneath the thick covering of pine needles and rotted leaves.
Far from Ludlow, whose tallest tower could be glimpsed through a thin segment of trees,
the forest was quiet and empty. The occasional call of a thrush or grackle or the rustle of
a four-footed creature stirred the silence. A faint hint of smoke from Will‟s fire wafted
through the air, mixing with the rich, loamy scent of the forest.
Marian rode fearlessly through the wood, head high and shoulders straight . . . and eyes
lifted to scour the high branches of the trees. Well behind, but near enough to come to her
aid should the need arise, followed her master-at-arms, Bruse, and two of his men.
Despite Robin Hood‟s presence in the forest and the fact that Will had imprisoned some
of the outlaws that attacked her, Marian knew better than to ride out alone. Bruse and the
other two men had escorted her on her journey to Ludlow and indeed had been loyal to
her since she was but a babe. She knew they would have their tongues cut out before they
would wag them in news to others about her business.
Thus, secure that no harm would befall her, yet obviously available for a clandestine
meeting . . . should that opportunity arise . . . Marian could enjoy the cool silence of the
shadows. It wasn‟t often that she rode without purpose, and had the opportunity to admire
the variety of nature. And though she had a reason for coming out today, she knew it
could be some time before Robin found her.
For she was certain he would.
And she was not disappointed.
The filtering sun had not shifted more than a half candle‟s mark, rising to its highest point
in the sky, when something streaked past her head. It slammed into the nearest tree trunk,
the arrow‟s feathers quivering as it settled into place.
Marian smiled to herself, and rode toward the arrow, plucking it from the tree. A
serviceable weapon, she thought, smoothing the fluff of goose feathers so that they lay
flat. But a trifle crooked in the making, and enough so that the arrow would not fly true.

Nevertheless, she slipped it into her quiver and continued to ride along.
Moments later, another arrow whizzed past her, lodging in a tree beyond and to the left,
and she veered her palfrey in that direction. Retrieving the bolt, she continued along until
the next one guided her path in a slightly different direction.
Each arrow she pulled from the tree and added to her own quiver, knowing that soon she
would see Robin. Her heart beat faster in anticipation, and her palms became a bit damp.
After a short time following Robin‟s path, she paused and peered back into the forest.
Bruse had ridden closer, and she could see him through the trees. She gestured for him to
remain where he was. Aware that Robin was near, she knew she would be safe.
Indeed, it was only moments later that another arrow slammed into the tree near the knees
of her horse, necessitating that Marian dismount in order to retrieve the weapon.
Glancing up and about, she slid down, holding the reins, and pulled the bolt from its spot
in the bark.
As she turned back, arrow in hand, a pair of feet landed silently next to her. The cushion
of pine needles covered all but the slightest rustle from his legs as they passed by.
“I do believe you‟ve dropped something,” Marian said, offering the arrow to Robin.
His eyes danced, matching her own mischievous smile, and he reached . . . not for the
arrow, but for her arm. “I don‟t drop arrows,” he said, pulling her close. “An archer with
my skill aims true at all times.” His eyes glinted with an entirely different meaning.
Still holding the arrow, she wrapped her arms around his waist. “That may be the case,”
she replied, looking up at him, “but ‟tis a shame your weapons are of such inferior
quality.”
“Inferior?” His brows knit together. Then he laughed, his humor echoing through the
forest. “Do you still swear by the bolts made by the mad blind man at Mead‟s Vale?”
“He is not mad . . . any more than you, for being so foolish as to wander through the keep
at night. And with his skill in casting the heads and trimming the feathers, Tesh creates
arrows that fly faster and farther than any others.”
“I would match my skill against the madman‟s arrows any day,” Robin said. “And would
come forth the winner.”
“I should be pleased to accept your challenge,” Marian said, shifting her shoulder so that
her arrows shifted meaningfully in their quiver.
Robin‟s grin grew wider. “Ah, so you are still trifling with the longbow, my lady? I do
hope you‟ve acquired a greater skill than what you had at Mead‟s Vale. If I recall
correctly, your target then was more like to be the ground or the high branches of a tree
rather than the painted circle.”
Marian felt a little rise of temper. “Trifling? I would not say my skill with the bow is a
trifle, Robin, and I should be quite pleased to demonstrate how well it shows with Tesh‟s
arrows. A combination I trow you shall not beat.”
He seemed to realize he‟d overstepped, and pulled her hips close to his, where she could
feel the evidence that his mind was on other things. “But of course, Marian, it would be
an honor to match longbows with you. Yet . . . I had rather hoped you‟d come searching
for me for a reason other than to decry my arrows and skill.”
Without waiting for her response, he bent his face to hers. At first, she felt petulant, and

nearly turned her face away. Trifling with a bow? He knew not whereof he spoke . . . and
even when they were younger, she‟d shown more than a passing skill.
Mayhap he merely teased . . . but she‟d seen no humor in his eyes to indicate that was the
case.
But then she thought no longer . . . for his lips had covered hers, and she did not turn
away, instead accepting the kiss as a peace offering. And something more.
An edge of desperation colored his kiss, as though he‟d been waiting for this and needed
it. His mouth was harsh, devouring hers, covering her lips and scoring the sides of her
mouth with his teeth. Tight arms crushed her against him, compressing her lungs so that
she found it difficult to breathe, and she had to pull her face away to gasp for air.
Looking up, she realized he wasn‟t as tall and forbidding as the darker Will was, and that
should have made her feel more comfortable. Softer. More willing to melt against him, to
arch into the hand that had moved to cup her breast. Robin‟s mouth was supple and more
finely drawn, elegant, where Will had not a bit of elegance about him . . . no elegance,
but something else.
A rough, deep sensuality. Power. An underlying fury.
And ruthlessness. The scent of smoke wafted anew to her nose, reminding her of the
scene she‟d left behind in the village. She must not forget the ruthlessness.
She pushed all thoughts of Will from her mind and smoothed her hands up and over
Robin‟s chest to cup his shoulders. His fingers had curved around her breasts, thumbs
finding the tightening nipples beneath two layers of cloth, and he smiled down at her.
“My lovely Marian,” he said, groping lower to raise her skirts. “You‟d not lure me in
with lovely kisses and then cry ware down upon me, would you?”
“Nay, of course not, Robin,” she murmured, wondering why he should say such a thing.
She‟d not betrayed him. The cool forest breeze brushed her exposed legs as his hands
busily moved her hems higher.
“I did not think you would be such a viper,” he muttered, his mouth sliding along her jaw.
Fully aware that the last two times she and Robin had embraced in the woods, Will had
come upon them, she pushed him back when he would have buried his face in her neck
again. “I . . . Robin,” she murmured, wishing they were somewhere she wouldn‟t feel so
exposed. After all, Bruse and his men were nearby. “I do wish to speak with you.”
He stepped back and looked down at her, a strangely intense gleam in his eyes. “Ah,” he
said, a full-blown grin spreading beneath his beard. “Of course you do. Out of earshot . . .
and sight,” he said, his eyes dancing again, “of your trusty men. I should be happy to
oblige, my lady.”
“ ‟Tis not my men who worry me,” Marian said, stepping away from his grip. “ ‟Tis the
sheriff.” She glanced beyond his shoulder, half-expecting her words to cause the large
dark horse and its rider to materialize. What would he think if he found her with her skirts
up around her hips here in the forest, after moaning and gasping beneath his hands last
evening?
But that was different. She hadn‟t wanted to be in John‟s chambers . . . and she had
purposely sought Robin here in the forest.
Although she had wanted Will‟s hands on her.

Marian pushed that thought away. She‟d not been thinking clearly.
“Ah, aye, the sheriff. That bastion of justice, a man of ice whose demeanor must be
melted by the soft hand of a woman.”
The steely glint in his eyes didn‟t match the light, airy words, and caused Marian to
wonder if he was jealous of Will.
The idea pleased her more than a little—after all, she was a woman, and she found Robin
Hood so charming and handsome—but she replied, “Nay, Robin, do you not fear that I
am setting about to soften the heart of that blackguard! For that is the reason I came to
look for you. Have you not heard what he‟s done in Ludlow Village?”
“Nay, I have not. What is it today? The hanging of a poacher? The stripping and
whipping of a cooper who makes leaky barrels?”
“Robin, he is burning half the village! He stands and orders the buildings to be set afire as
the villagers watch. They are the meanest of hovels, but all they have, and he has
destroyed their homes.”
“Ah, aye, the fire. Aye, ‟tis a brutal thing for the sheriff to do,” he added, glancing off
toward the spiral of smoke. “But the villeins will soon rebuild, I trow.”
Was this sort of destruction so common that he was hardened against it? “A man such as
that,” Marian said, all those odd liquid thoughts of Will disintegrating, “cannot be
softened. And does not wish to be.”
“Aye, and I am sure that the tale will be good gossip for you and your lady friends,”
Robin said. “Joanna and Pauletta and Catherine, along with the lovely Marian . . . and
who is the child? The blond girl with the blue eyes? The very young one?”
“Alys,” Marian replied, looking at him, struck by the brittleness in his voice.
How difficult it must be to be thought a villain when one was really a hero. Her heart
swelled with pride and sympathy for him. Dear Robin . . . she must find a way to help
him.
“Ah, aye . . . Alys. And so all of you ladies will wag your tongues and discuss how cruel
and blackhearted the sheriff is, aye? For, of course, he is. And he will keep you busy with
your gossip.”
“Aye, mayhap,” she said. “But, Robin, I came to ask you for help. For those people. Can
you help them?”
“But of course I shall,” Robin said airily. “That is what Robin of the Hood and his band
of outlaws do, is it not? We are not the sly, greedy men some think us.”
Marian realized that as they conversed, he‟d begun to lead her gently after him, deeper
into the dark part of the wood. “Are you taking me somewhere safe . . . where we can talk
freely?”
He flashed a great smile at her. “Indeed. If that is what you wish to do. Talk. But I
thought mayhap there are other ways we might find to occupy our time.”
A little wave of surprise fluttered in her belly and she matched his smile. How wonderful
it would be to have his elegant hands, his long slender fingers, on her bare skin—in the
stead of heavy ones, groping and grabbing all the while she wished to be anywhere but
there. And to have it without the furtiveness, the quick risk of discovery, while in the
glades of the forest. To have the time for bodies to slide against each other, skin to skin.

To taste and touch and stroke.
The memory of John forcing her fingers around his turgid cock, sliding them back and
forth while he squeezed and pinched her breast, breathing heavily and roughly into her
ear, caused an unpleasant rush to pass over her. Her stomach pitched with nausea.
She did not wish to return to the keep, to be forced back into that Court of Pleasure,
waiting and wondering whether this would be the night that John had his way.
Or Will.
A flash of memory had her heart thumping hard and fast . . . that moment in her chamber
when she‟d raised their joined hands to his nose and seen the blatant desire burning in his
eyes. When his nostrils had widened and his mouth tightened and for a moment she
thought he might tear off the simple cloak she wore . . . and take her then and there.
Her throat had dried and she could not ignore the memory of his dark hands covering her
white skin, there in the shadows of the bed-curtains . . . the way she curved and arched
against him, trembling as she cried out her release. Her face felt warm, her quim full and
slick, as she remembered. . . .
Then all those thoughts were driven from her mind when Robin pulled her beyond a flush
of bushes into the depths of a dark cave. She realized they were at the base of a small hill,
and the cave entrance was well hidden from even a sharp-eyed passerby.
“Is this one of your hideaways?” she asked, moving closer to him in the darkness. In the
event that it was not, she didn‟t wish to be surprised by a flock of bats—or a wild cat—
swarming out.
“It is indeed,” he said, that smile back and more visible as he lit a torch. “And there is no
one about, no one to disturb us here, my lady.”
He gestured into the darkness of the cave, pulling her with him. She saw that it was
indeed a hideaway, for deep within, concealed behind a cluster of rocks, several pallets
were arranged on the ground. The boulders had been cunningly arranged to appear to be a
wall, but instead they provided a generous hiding place.
And privacy.
Marian allowed Robin to draw her deeper into the cave, the small torch casting tiny,
flickering shadows. He set fire to a small pile of kindling in the corner, and she saw that
there must be a hole somewhere in the high ceiling, because the smoke rose and left the
space without choking them.
Despite the fire, inside the hideaway was cool and dark, and dampness seeped into her
skin immediately. But she was with Robin . . . at last, Robin . . . and when he turned her
to face him, and pressed her up against the rough, damp cavern wall, she allowed her
quiver and bow to slide from her shoulder and gently down onto the floor.
He wasted no time, for he‟d barely covered her mouth with his, in that insistent, reckless
manner, when his hands tugged at her woven leather girdle, untying it with surprising
ease. She pulled at his tunic, made of coarse material that would scratch her skin, yanking
it up and over his torso.
His lips moved against her forehead, and she thought she heard him begging.
Please.
As the fire crackled to life, casting more warmth, more soft light, they undressed, leaving

a pile of clothing near one of the pallets. Robin saved Marian‟s veil for the last, and he
tore it from her head, then shoved his fingers roughly into her braids, loosening
Ethelberga‟s handiwork only a bit before drawing her down onto the pallet with him.
The soft slide of furs beneath her bare skin awakened her, and Marian closed her eyes,
lifting her arms for the warmth of his body. But it wasn‟t Robin who came to her then,
whose face and broad shoulders filled her mind.
Marian‟s eyes flew open, her heart slamming in her chest. But it was Robin there, who
bent toward her, whose hands smoothed along her torso as he lowered himself, settling
partially over her. She kept her eyes open, even when he came so close that he filled her
vision with a shadowy face.
His beard gently prickled her skin, not so smooth as the rabbit pelts beneath her, but more
coarse, like the coat of a fox. Much better than when Harold had come to her, with short,
rough whiskers.
Marian‟s feet were cold, for he‟d drawn her hose down and away, leaving them bare. And
the chill of the floor seeped through the thin pallet beneath her. Something hard was
digging into the back of her shoulder, and she shifted to move away from the pointed
rock.
Robin reached for her hand and brought it down between their bodies, lifting away from
the breast he‟d been sucking to press his lips to her fingers, then directing them down.
She knew what he wanted, and eager to erase the memory of the prince‟s similar
demands, she closed her fingers around a longer, more slender cock than the one they‟d
held last night. Yet it was just as warm and smooth, pulsing beneath her touch.
He released a long, pent-up sigh as she began to stroke, and lifted himself so that she
could move more easily. Now she was even colder as his warm body shifted away, and
Marian became aware of their legs twined together, his heavy, haired ones against her
lighter, more slender ones.
“Marian,” he sighed, “please.”
He kissed and fondled her breast, lying next to her on his side as she reached between
them, slowly lifting and lowering her hand over his cock. Strangely detached, she found
herself watching his face as she varied her movements, slower . . . then more quickly . . .
tightening and then loosening her grip. His mouth moved, making soundless pleas, and
his eyes closed.
Fascinated by the concept of the power she literally held in her hand, Marian watched and
listened, noticing his breathing, his eyes fluttering beneath half-closed lids. She felt him
gather up next to her, the tension simmering beneath his skin . . . the burgeoning of his
cock in her hand.
She felt a little drip at the tip and used her thumb to slide it around and over, using it to
lubricate her way, and felt a little tingling rise inside herself. . . . He breathed faster, had
released her breast, and now simply lay there, one hand resting on her hip, gripping with
his fingers.
“Please,” he said, sounding horribly desperate. “I need . . .”
Something shimmered up under his skin, beneath her fingers, and she moved faster,
watching him, still strangely detached, her arm aching but her lips parted, matching him

breath for breath, rising with him. . . . He stiffened, gave a low, sharp cry, and pulsed
beneath her fingers, his seed spilling warm over her hand.
After a moment Marian released him, wiping his semen off herself on the edge of the fur
pelts. As she did so, she realized that her own body was thrumming quietly.
Robin opened his eyes and, for an instant, she saw regret there. Then it evaporated,
replaced by a hint of chagrin and a saucy smile. “Ah, Marian, you‟ve no idea how badly I
needed that,” he said. “But, my lady, now that that little distraction‟s been taken care of,
let me attend to other necessities.”
His hand moved easily between her legs, finding the soft down of hair there and the
sleekness of her full nether lips. She sighed, opening her legs a bit, allowing the slide of
his fingers for a moment.
But then . . . she stopped him. She was too aware of her chilled body, and the fact that her
men had been waiting a long time for her. “Nay, Robin,” she said mildly, and pulled his
hand away. “I have been away too long, and my men will come looking for me if I do not
reappear soon. And aside of that,” she said when he would have opened his mouth to
protest, “I have taken a bit of a chill here in this damp cavern.”
Easing away, she reached for her bliaud and began to search for the bottom to pull it on
over her head. She was cold, and . . . ‟twas God‟s truth, but she realized she did not desire
those elegant hands on her after all.
“Marian,” Robin said, his voice low. And hurt. “I am sorry. I did not mean for things to
go . . . this way.”
“Robin, ‟tis of no account. I found it all quite . . . interesting.” Marian spoke the
unvarnished truth, for while her experiences of the previous nights had occurred in an
environment of fear and shock, along with her own unbidden lust, this experience had
been simply . . . enlightening. Fascinating. So fascinating and arousing, to watch a man
taking his pleasure, so vulnerable and open during those moments. To see a strong,
powerful man helpless and trembling because of the simple touch of a woman.
Completely tantalizing.
Her mouth dried and she realized her breathing had risen. Marian swallowed hard and
pushed away the thoughts teasing the edge of her consciousness—not of Robin, the man
next to her, but images of Will‟s dark hair, shadowed eyes, and strong shoulders, corded
with tension.
“And aside of that, Robin,” she said, emerging from the other side of the bliaud‟s
neckline, “I suggest that any future trysts you might arrange with a lady not take place in
this damp, cold cave.”
“Marian,” Robin said, reaching for her hand and clasping it in his, “I do not have trysts
with ladies. Truly. This is the first time I‟ve brought one here—”
“ ‟ Tis just as well, then, that I was the first, for I am not offended in the least. But heed
my warning, Robin. A soft bed and a warm fire does much more to make a woman ready
than wet stone and a bit of a fire.”
“Marian!”
But she‟d already pulled her hose on, and now stood with her overtunic. “But you will
promise me, will you not, that you will help those villagers?” A resurgence of horror over

Will‟s actions eclipsed her remaining good humor. At least she was warm again, now that
the overtunic settled in place.
“I have already vowed to do so,” Robin said. He‟d pulled on his own hose, moving
slowly, as if reluctant to admit that the moment had passed. “Marian, truly, I—”
“Robin, please. I prefer your charming devil-may-care grin to this mealymouthed person
you‟ve become. You need feel no remorse over our tryst this afternoon. I feel none
myself.”
And she found to her surprise that it was true. Robin no longer held the fascination for
her that he had when they were younger, and even as recently as yestereve. Instead of
worrying about when she might be able to steal a kiss from the outlaw in the forest, she
would focus on finding out what she could for the queen. And then she would leave
Ludlow and go far away from Prince John. And the Sheriff of Nottinghamshire, whose
image seemed to intrude on her thoughts much more often than such a cruel man‟s
should.
“Stay with me, Marian,” he said, suddenly grabbing her arm. “Don‟t go back there. Stay
with me.”
Temptation overcame her for a moment. To be away from John, from those lascivious
fingers and burning eyes and the demands . . .
“I can‟t let you go back to him, Marian. I see the way he looks at you. Please.”
She nodded, felt her belly sink as though it were stone. “But I must. I have a duty.” She
couldn‟t explain what the queen required of her even to Robin.
“Marian.”
She was shaking her head, even as she reached for her girdle. “Nay, Robin. I know what
‟tis I must do. And know you this . . . I am under the protection of the queen. Her reach is
far, and I will come to no real harm. But you must help the poor villagers, and I will do
what I can inside Ludlow to keep you safe. How can I send a message if I hear of
something that will help—or hurt—you?”
He didn‟t speak for a moment. Then with a great sigh, he pulled on his shirt and reached
for his tunic. “There is a large oak, five paces from the great stone marker—do you know
the one? At the fork between Revelstown and Carts Grange?”
“I‟ll find it,” Marian told him.
He nodded. “Five paces north from that marker, there is a large oak. With a hollow on the
south side, so high from the ground.” He measured a hand at his waist. “Like this. You
can place any messages for me there, but put them in deeply so they cannot easily be
noticed.” He frowned, then smiled. “I never thought that Friar Bellamy‟s sacrilegious
teachings of a girl to scribe and cipher would come in so helpfully.”
Marian nodded, but at that moment, her heart sank. Robin and Will had both known that
she‟d learned to read and write from an elderly monk.
Which meant that the sheriff could mention such a thing to the prince. And that she could
not feign ignorance if she happened to see a message or paper that she should not.
Which meant that she must take even greater care than she‟d thought.
“Peste,” Robin said as they emerged from the cave. He was looking up at the sun. “It‟s
much later than I realized. I must go, Marian, and leave you to your men.”

Marian raised her brows. “I need merely whistle for them. But, Robin, if you must rush
off just now, ‟tis fortunate then that we did not spend overmuch time inside.” She gave
him a meaningful smile, and was rewarded as a faint ruddiness flushed his cheeks.
“Aye, Marian, indeed. And I apologize once again for my . . . unchivalrous actions. I am
sorely shamed that I took from you and did not give in return.”
She shook her head, still smiling. Will had been correct: Robin was a rash, pillow-hearted
man. Charming and amusing, but not as long on thinking ahead as she herself was. She
raised her fingers and whistled for Bruse, and when she heard his response in the
distance, she turned to Robin. “Go off with you. And if I have need of you or have news
for you, I‟ll secret a message in the oak.”
He bent forward and pressed a lingering kiss on her lips. “Until we can meet again, my
lady.”
She patted his cheek, her feelings for him having evolved from infatuation and
fascination into more sisterly ones. All in the space of an afternoon. “Do not risk yourself
to do so,” she warned.
Moments after Robin disappeared into the trees above, Bruse and his men came trotting
through the wood.
The smell of smoke had faded from the air during her time inside the cave, but as she
rode back toward Ludlow, Marian could not help but think of Will. What had happened
to him since their younger days that had turned him so cruel? He‟d always been serious
as a lad, but never mean-hearted. Was it simply being in the company of John? Or had
something else occurred that had made a serious young man become unfeeling?
Certainly, most nobles didn‟t worry overmuch about the villeins who worked the land for
them, as long as they paid their tithes and produced from the lord‟s land. But nor did a
smart and cunning overlord seek to harm or ruin the human machine that generated his
wealth. In fact, it was to the manor‟s benefit that the village be well maintained enough
for the inhabitants to remain productive.
And they certainly couldn‟t be if their homes were razed to the ground, and they were
overtaxed into poverty.
These thoughts occupied Marian‟s mind as they approached the bridge that led to Ludlow
Village, the keep and its protective walls rising on a low hill behind it.
Though the acrid smoke had dissipated, Marian saw that the cluster of villagers had not.
And as she drew nearer, she saw that they gathered in the center of the square.
Immediately, she recognized Will sitting on a balcony that overlooked a platform, and
that dais was the center of the crowd.
It took only that moment to understand what was happening: a young woman stood on
the platform, her hands bound behind her back. Even from a distance, she could see that
the young woman had been badly beaten. Her face was bruised, and dried blood on her
matted hair bespoke of violent treatment. Her clothing was more than decent, indicating
that she came from the family of a tradesman or shopkeeper. She was likely a
freewoman, and not bound to the land here at Ludlow.
And she was about to be hung.
Marian looked up at Will, wondering what crime this woman had committed that justified

her execution. As always, his face held an impassive expression. He sat back in his chair
and watched as if unmoved by the event.
Hanging was a common enough activity, and regardless of where or who the criminal
was, crowds turned out to watch. But there was a different feel to this crowd . . . an
unsettled one . . . that made her want to stop and see more.
“Do you know about this?” Marian asked Bruse.
He nodded, his face grave. The man had reached past forty summers, yet his eyes still
shone clear and gray. He was also one of the strongest men she knew, and amusing as
well. But at this time there was no hint of humor in his expression. “See you that the
woman has been beaten?”
“Well and truly, it appears,” Marian said, wincing inwardly at the pain she must have
endured. They‟d stopped their horses near the edge of the crowd and were watching the
proceedings.
“Aye, and ‟twas from a man who wanted more than the cloth she weaves. He was her
betrothed husband. He took her off behind the apple orchard and forced himself on her.
Then he used his fists and a knife to mark her, and she managed to get his dagger. While
trying to escape, she struck him in the neck.”
“And so her crime is murder?” Marian asked.
“Aye. She‟ll hang for murder.” Bruse looked at her, and she read the bleakness in his
eyes. “If my daughter were set upon by such a man, I would cry delight if she sliced him
open. This was not the first time he did this to her, and ‟tis a fact that he planned to wed
her and did not wish to wait for the priest‟s blessing. But the sheriff has no mercy and
she‟s to be hung. He‟ll tolerate no breaking of the law in Nottinghamshire.”
So in the stead of living a life of beatings and rapes, the woman defended herself and
killed her assailant while doing so. The sheriff cried murder and would make her an
example.
Marian felt ill when she realized the man who‟d only last night made her quiver and cry
with pleasure would raise his powerful hand and end the poor woman‟s life. If she‟d
thought he might have any mercy, her belief in that possibility was now gone.
Were these the sorts of things—destroying property, hanging abused women—Will did
every day? Was this how he went about his business?
Disgusted and horror-struck, she wheeled her horse and started back to the keep. She
could not watch such a travesty, for she knew naught would veer William de Wendeval‟s
black heart from its purpose.
The only thing that kept her from hating him more than Prince John at that moment was
the fact that he conducted his foul affairs openly, rather than slyly behind closed doors.
At the least he was honest about who he was.

CHAPTER 11
W ill watched Marian ride away, then turned back to the crowd.

The horde was angry, but of course it was a fury that simmered beneath the surface.
Someday it might rise to the top and spill over into a force to be reckoned with. He didn‟t
wish to be there when that time came, for ‟twould be bloody and violent.
He already sensed a sort of independence growing among the barons, which had begun to
churn mightily after Richard‟s appalling choice of Longchamp for justiciar and
chancellor. John‟s love for England and lust for power had resulted in some good when
he and the barons united to run the despicable man out of the country.
Having seen how easily the barons allied themselves when faced with such a vast
problem, Will knew that the day they required their king and liege to give them more
authority and equality was not so far off—mayhap even closer than Richard and his
current heir, John, realized. ‟Twas possible that one of them would need to negotiate with
their vassals, and relinquish some of their absolute control, before the reign of the
Plantagenets was over.
But here in Ludlow Village, the villeins and freemen had even less power and influence
than their overlords, and had no choice but to accept the decisions inflicted upon them.
Including this one, in which Will had chosen to obey the law down to the letters in which
it was written.
Ella Weaver was a favorite in the village, and although their world was already one of
simplicity and violence, the bruises on her face and the deep cuts on her body had
horrified men and women alike. In truth, the sight of her battered face and what little he‟d
seen of her other wounds had moved him more than he would have liked to admit.
Yet, she had killed a man. And as per the law, a woman was beholden to any man who
owned her—from her husband to her father, to her liege lord. This man had been her
intended husband, and therefore had claim on her thus. She could be beaten, raped, or
otherwise punished if necessary to keep her in line. Even if she was killed in the course of
such discipline, the law hardly noticed.
And if she retaliated, she must be punished. It was the law.
And Will, above all, was beholden to the law.
He glanced up and noted how far across the sky the sun had moved, and gritted his teeth.
He‟d delayed as long as he could. If Robin Hood did not act soon, Ella Weaver would
hang by her slender, bruised neck.
Taking his time, Will stood, clasping his hands behind his back. He walked to the edge of
the balcony and looked down over the crowd. Anger shone in the faces he saw there,
overt in some, subtle in others. Once again, he had made an unpopular decision that
blackened his character further in the eyes of the village and his peers.
And it mattered not. None of them had any choice in the matter. It was the way of the
world. Duty. Honor. Fealty.
Just as he raised his hand to gesture for the hood to be placed over Ella‟s head, an arrow
whizzed through the air. Just missing his fingers.
The crowd responded with gasps and undercurrents of joy, and Will turned to look,
slowly lowering the hand that had nearly been skewered. By God‟s teeth, the outlaw was
an insolent bastard. There were moments when he‟d as lief toss Locksley in the gaol for
his impertinence as much as for his crimes.

Or, better yet, strip down to naught but his braies and pummel the snot out of the man.
But now the buzz of the crowd had risen, and Will could do naught but watch as his men
were held at arrow point as Robin Hood swooped in to save the day. Feeding the legend,
Robin of Locksley pirouetted onstage, bowing to the delight of the crowd and then
turning to do the same to the young woman. Then he swung the smiling Ella Weaver over
his shoulder and leapt off the dais onto a waiting horse and galloped off down the street,
kicking up dust and leaving the roar of approval in his wake.
Will just stood there, appearing ineffective and stymied by the outlaw.

“Mayhap a stroll along the parapet, my lady?” asked Sir Roderick. “The moon is full and
fat this evening.”
Marian glanced at the high table. The meal had ended some time ago, but the
entertainment provided by a troupe of tumbling acrobats had kept the diners amused after
the trenchers and platters had been taken away. But the high table was now empty, and
John and his companions were nowhere in sight. Only a few remained at the lower tables,
mingling with the hounds that skulked about for their meals and the serfs clearing away
the last bit of remains.
A reprieve tonight, perhaps. Especially if she was to disappear for a time, walking in the
moonlight with Sir Roderick, where no one would think to look for her.
“I should find a walk most enjoyable,” she said, slipping her fingers around his arm. The
sooner she disappeared from the hall, the better.
“Then let us go.” He turned, but stopped just as suddenly, for their path between the
tables was blocked.
Marian looked up into the expressionless eyes of the sheriff. Her heart sank and she
squeezed her eyes closed for a moment. But when she opened them, he was still there.
Implacable and clearly in poor humor.
“Lady Marian‟s presence is required elsewhere,” Will said. Though his countenance was
unemotional as usual, she recognized a deep weariness in his demeanor. He held himself
stiffly, as though unwilling to trust himself to unbend for fear he‟d show a trace of
weakness. His cheeks were hollow, his mouth was tight and controlled, and the lines
radiating from the corners of his eyes were deeper than she recalled.
Sir Roderick looked down at her, and Marian hesitated. He must have felt her fingers
tense around his, and from the expression on his face, she knew he would intervene if she
indicated unwillingness. But before she could speak, Will reached forward and took her
arm, smoothly and quickly, and the next thing she knew, she stood next to Will instead of
Roderick.
“Do not make trouble for the lady,” he said to Roderick . . . but it was Marian on whom
his glare settled. She read the meaning there: he was warning her not to put Roderick in a
position that would cause problems for the knight.
“Nay, sir,” she said lightly, looking at her would-be escort. “I am simply a bubblehead
and had forgotten my other responsibilities.” She couldn‟t help a bit of bitterness in that

last word.
Before Roderick could speak or even excuse her from leaving, Will turned and
maneuvered Marian along with him. She had no choice but to follow, for any scene she
might make would simply end poorly for anyone who intervened.
And her fate would still be the same.
Yet, fury boiled up inside her as the sheriff directed her with sharp, rough movements
through the hall. Could she not have one night of peace? Could she not have one night
away from the pawing hands of the prince?
And her loathing of Will himself bubbled to the surface. She yanked her arm away from
the fingers that gripped it and paused near the back of the hall. “What a glorious day
you‟ve had, sirrah. Burning the village, hanging a poor woman . . . and now on to the
carnal pleasures that await you abovestairs. How amusing it must be for you to take such
advantage of those weaker than yourself.”
Then she pressed a finger to her chin in a pretense of sudden comprehension. “Ah, but
not everything went as planned, did it? Robin Hood, hero of the poor, saved that
unfortunate woman while you could do naught but grind your teeth. And now you intend
to drag me abovestairs to take your fury out on an unwilling woman of your own.”
His face grew even stonier. Blanker. Except for his eyes. They pierced her with silent
rage, so dark they appeared completely black. She felt him shift, and knew he balled his
fist, ready to silence her with the same violence he used against his underlings.
But she did not cease. Her emotions—exhaustion, loathing, fear—boiled over, spilling
forth in words as sharp and cutting as his stare. She did not care if he struck her. Mayhap
then she would be too damaged to attend the prince.
“And if I were to raise a hand to defend myself, you‟d black hood me and raise me on the
dais with a rope necklet about my throat as well, would you not? An evil, vile creature
you‟ve become, William de Wendeval. My father would suffer greatly if he knew how
repugnant his ward had become.”
His hand flashed out and she nearly recoiled, but the wall was behind her, and instead of
raising a fist to her face, he merely snatched up her arm once again. She felt the vibration
of his rage in the fingers that closed over her, but he said nothing, merely directed her
forcefully from the hall.
Her heart beating harder, she tried to pull free, suddenly sure he would kill her. She
struggled and kicked, trying to wrench her arm away.
“Cease,” he spit, “or, by God, Marian, I‟ll wrap my hands around your neck and stop you
myself.”
She realized then that he was directing her not to the stairs leading to John‟s chambers
but to the ones that led to her own. Now her palms grew damp and her heart raced, but
for a different fear.
Up the stairs he propelled her none too gently, and every glimpse of his face sent a new
frisson of fear down her spine. She‟d pushed him too far. She‟d seen how tense and taut
he was in the hall. He had plenty of cause to retaliate, and no reason to hold back.
At her chamber, he shoved the door open, sending Ethelberga scuttling from the
anteroom without a command from him. He released Marian with a little shove and

stalked into the rear chamber, leaving her to look after him with shaking and weak knees.
Moments later he reemerged and walked past her in an angry swish.
At the door to the hallway, he turned, his mouth pressed tightly and his eyes angry. “You
won‟t be bothered any further this evening—at the least, not by me. The prince has
declined your presence this evening. Rest well this night, my lady, for you will need your
strength on the morrow.”
He closed the door behind him and she heard his heavy footfalls fade into silence.
Moments later, she heard the door open again and Ethelberga walked in. “He has placed a
watch outside the door, my lady,” she said, her eyes wide.
And so he would ensure that she was bothered by no one this night.
He‟d granted her a reprieve.

Marian slept poorly, but she did sleep.
She cared not to revisit the dreams that had haunted her slumber when at last she opened
her eyes and found the sun streaming through the window slit. Instead, she tucked away
the tendrils of images that had again left her body feeling skittish and yet expectant and
called for Ethelberga.
After helping her mistress dress, the maid arranged her hair in two fat braids and twisted
them into intricate coils over each ear while Marian chewed on a few mint leaves and
some cloves.
When she entered the great hall to break her fast, she found the other ladies buzzing with
news. A quick glance at the empty high table told Marian that John either had chosen to
break his own fast elsewhere or had come and gone.
She was glad she did not have to face Will this morning. Yesterday had left her unsettled
and discomfited, and he‟d been a prominent part of last night‟s dreams.
“Have you been invited, Marian?” Lady Joanna asked, her eyes bright with glee. “I have,
and Catherine and Pauletta too. Poor Alys has not, but mayhap ‟tis because she is a ward
of the queen and not the Crown. He dare not overstep his mother.”
A prickle of unease trickled over her shoulders, though Marian didn‟t know why it
should. Mayhap simply because the prince‟s name had been invoked. “Invited? I don‟t
believe I‟ve been invited to anything.”
“To the prince‟s gathering anight,” replied Lady Pauletta. Her eyes gleamed like those of
a cat with its paw dipped in the cream. A mysterious smile tipped the corner of her mouth
as she looked at Marian. “ ‟ Tis too bad if you have not been asked. The prince is very
generous to those who attend.”
“But even if you do not attend that, at the least you will be pleased to hear about the
archery contest. The prize for that is a gold arrow, and ‟tis certain that Robin Hood
himself will make an attempt to win,” Joanna said in a placating tone. “We shall be able
to see the great archer and how he handles his arrow.”
Pauletta and Catherine tittered along with Joanna, looking at Marian over hands covering
their mouths.

“My, such a great bit of news this morning,” Marian replied. “What sort of gathering is
the prince hosting?”
Pauletta‟s feline smile widened. “ ‟ Tis a very special night. I have attended in the past,
for my lord has given such parties before. He calls it his night of living statues. There is a
contest, and he is most generous to the winners.”
Now Marian understood the prickles at the back of her neck. Of certain, anything related
to the prince would make her uneasy. But a night of living statues? Yet, mayhap her
trepidation was misplaced. After all, Pauletta and Joanna seemed delighted at the
prospect.
But then again . . . Pauletta‟s smile had a wicked twist to it that reminded her of John‟s
depraved one.
Marian shrugged and took a piece of bread, examining it for weevils before breaking off
a bite. “I do not know if I have been invited,” she replied honestly.
Rest well, my lady, for you will need all your strength on the morrow.
Had that been a warning? Or her invitation? Or both?
“ ‟ Twill serve that fool Robin Hood well if he comes to the archery contest,” spoke up
Alys suddenly. “He will be well and truly captured if he is so bold—and rightly so.”
“You would not say such a thing if you had met the man,” Joanna said, a dreamy look in
her eyes.
“Indeed, you are mistaken, for I have met the arrogant ass.” The ladies all gaped at Alys,
not only because her statement was so unexpected . . . but because her tone held such
unusual bitterness.
“Did he not kiss you, then?” Joanna asked, a sly look coming into her eyes. “I trow if he
had, you would not wish him ill. The man has a fine, sweet mouth.”
Alys merely looked at the other lady and replied, “He would not dare to do so. I find him
arrogant and misguided. And I hope that he is caught by the sheriff and imprisoned for
his crimes.”
Marian noted that Alys was not bloodthirsty enough to wish for Robin to be hung, and
found that a bit interesting when coupled with the fact that Robin had obviously met her .
. . but had not recalled her name. Or so he said.
She also noted the wash of pink over the fair-skinned girl‟s cheeks.
“You had best hope that the sheriff does not capture him,” Pauletta said, her eyes slanted
wickedly, “for he‟ll do more than imprison the man. He‟s as lief to tear him limb from
limb with his bare hands as string him up with a black hood. I pray that he‟ll attend the
gathering tonight, for he‟s one who fascinates me. So dark, so angry . . . I should love to
be the woman who brings him to his knees.”
Catherine sniffed. “Not I. Every time I look at him, I vow, my blood runs cold.”
Pauletta merely smiled in a manner that Marian found both interesting and annoying.
“Our dear Alys doesn‟t find the sheriff frightening at all. Have you managed to stoke the
man‟s fires yet, my dear?” Her deprecating laugh indicated that she believed she already
knew the answer.
Alys forbore to respond, but Marian noticed that the girl‟s fair skin tinged pink again.
But before the conversation could go any further, the man himself entered the hall. He

strode quickly to the front where a duo of barons stood next to one of the great fireplaces.
He barely glanced at the ladies.
Marian stood, stuffing a last bit of bread into her mouth and selecting an apple to munch
on as well. Not only did she have news to report to Robin via the oak tree—a warning
that the archery contest was likely a trap meant to draw him out—but she was also
revolted by the way Pauletta‟s catlike eyes had narrowed, homing in on Will as he
walked across the room.
How could she not find the man as repulsive as she?

Although Marian did her best to avoid Will for the rest of the day, hoping to evade any
invitation the prince might wish to extend to her, she knew she was fighting a losing
battle. If the prince required her to attend his revelry anight, hiding from Will would
make no difference. And despite the fact that she didn‟t wish to be in Will‟s company,
she also knew that if she had to attend, she would much rather do so with his escort than
without it. It was simply a question of the lesser of two evils.
Thus, when she came down to dinner and saw that the high table was empty yet again,
her relief was short-lived. The ladies buzzed with gossip that John had spent the day
holed up in his chambers with his companions preparing for the night‟s festivities. And
no sooner had she finished her meal and attempted to slip unnoticed back to her chamber
than Will appeared as if from the shadows.
His face was as haggard as the previous night, but when he bowed and offered his arm,
his countenance remained expressionless.
“What, no reprieve anight?” Marian asked, then, without thinking, added, “I trow, Will,
you look as though you‟ve not slept in days.”
“Ah, the lady‟s tongue speaks ever the truth,” he said.
“Why have you not slept?” she persisted. “Have you been up all the night plotting ways
to destroy the village? Or how to squeeze more from the villeins? I should not sleep
either if I had those sins on my conscience.”
“I‟ve those and more,” he said, his words flat like the slap of a hand. “The wicked find no
ease, do they?”
He turned and tugged her with him, but not before she caught a glimpse of his eyes. And
she saw something there that did not match his harsh words. Something that looked like
anguish.
Then it was gone. Or mayhap it was a trick of the shadows, for she‟d never before seen
anything soften his gaze. At least, not since she‟d arrived at Ludlow. There‟d been times
when they were younger that a less rigid Will might smile or relax over a jest. As she
recalled, once when they‟d come upon a nest of newborn hares in the field, he‟d been
almost reverent as they examined the tiny creatures.
But she‟d seen nothing like that of late.
Marian remained silent as they walked the now-familiar route to the Court of Pleasure. It
was not lost on her that Will hadn‟t specifically indicated that they were attending

something unusual this evening. Either he wished not to scare her, or he assumed that the
ladies had gossiped about it enough that she knew.
But tonight, she thought, with what she expected would be more occupants in the
chamber than usual, she might have the chance to search for letters or documents that
would give credence to the rumors Queen Eleanor had sent her to investigate. And
mayhap she‟d find enough that the queen would release her from her task and allow her
to return to her lands—at least until a husband was found for her.
By focusing on that purpose, Marian was able to quell the nervousness spiraling in her
belly as they climbed the stairs to the third level.
After all, how terrible could the gathering be if the other ladies were invited as well?
But immediately upon their arrival, Marian learned the terrible answer to that question.
The meaning of “living statues” became horribly clear to her the moment she entered the
chamber.
Now, stripped of her clothing, she stood near a post of the massive bed as one of her arms
was lifted, her fingers curled around the column above her head. The prince, his eyes
gleaming wickedly, posed her himself, taking his time to arrange the angle of her arm just
the way he wanted it. Surprisingly impersonal in his touch, he seemed to have aesthetics
in mind as opposed to carnality . . . or mayhap the two were inextricably entwined.
No sooner was she arranged thus at the post than the prince beckoned the woman Marian
recognized as Glynna over to them. Glynna, the woman with the whip marks on her
belly, was just as naked as Marian. And so were all the other women in the chamber,
including Catherine, Pauletta, and Joanna, as well as others Marian had not seen before.
To her mortification, Marian was commanded to remain frozen. The prince arranged
Glynna in such a manner that the other woman‟s hand cupped Marian‟s quim, curving
over her mound to slide fingers between Marian‟s parted legs. Then he brought Glynna
forward so that her warm, wet mouth covered one of Marian‟s breasts, centered over her
nipple. Marian could hardly breathe and she felt her whole body flush with warmth and
awareness. Her nipple hardened beneath the moist lips, and her little pip began to swell at
the very brush of pressure.
Then, still impersonal and concentrated, John took Marian‟s free hand and settled it in a
similar position between Glynna‟s legs. Marian gasped and would have jerked her hand
away, but he tightened his fingers around her wrist.
“Tsk, tsk, my lady,” he said, leering close to her so that she could smell the vast amount
of wine on his breath. “You mustn‟t move. You are a living statue.”
And then he carefully arranged one finger so that it slipped between the warm, wet folds
of the other woman‟s quim, and the others so that they spread over the springy hair of
Glynna‟s mound. Satisfied, he stepped back to admire his handiwork.
But he wasn‟t finished. “Your hair,” he muttered. And then he began to systematically,
and none too gently, pull it loose from her braids so that it fell down her back in a long
swath. Then he took one wrist-thick lock and arranged it over the breast that was not
covered by Glynna‟s mouth, draping the bottom part of it over the maidservant‟s
shoulder.
He stepped back and surveyed his work, then stroked his beard and nodded. “Lovely,” he

said, then turned to look about the chamber with satisfaction. “All of you are quite the
most beautiful sight I‟ve had the pleasure of seeing.”
The other ladies and maidservants had already been arranged in similarly provocative
positions throughout the room. They were indeed a garden of living statues.
“Be warned, the first one of you to move, to do other than to blink your eyes or change
your breathing, will be punished.” He gestured to an odd-looking item that looked like
half a large barrel, rounded side up, in the center of the room. Empty manacles settled at
the base of the curve. “But those of you who remain like the statues you are shall be
generously rewarded.”
He moved out of Marian‟s eyesight for a moment, and she became aware of a low
murmur of male voices. She dared not turn her head to look to the other end of the
chamber, but she knew that Will was there, along with John‟s other companions. Instead,
she remained unable to think of little more than the pressure at her breast and the hand at
her mound.
Moments later, the prince came back into view, and he was carrying something. When he
spread his hands, standing in front of her, she saw that it was a heavy necklet of square
gold links, such as a man might wear. In the center of the five largest links garnets the
size of walnuts had been inset. He lifted the necklet and placed it around her shoulders,
over her loose hair, and settled the garnets just below her throat. Heavy and cold, the
jewels seemed to imprint themselves into her bare shoulders and chest.
“Such will be your reward if you are the last to move,” he said, his hands lingering on her
hair. “I considered topazes, but the garnets look magnificent with your hair.” He leaned
closer, brushing his lips over hers. “I vow, I cannot decide if I wish for you to win, or to
lose, Lady Marian.”
Then John turned away to adorn the other ladies in a similar manner, with different
jewels in girdles, necklets, or bracelets. The maidservants received much smaller baubles
in the form of slender silver chains.
“And now . . . let the contest begin,” John said, spreading his hands wide and gesturing
for his male companions to join him.
During this time, Marian had gone from flushed hot to bitterly cold and fairly trembling,
from horrified to numb. She could hardly believe that she was to stand thus . . . to have
such intimate liberties taken with her body. And that she could not move or find relief
from the position! Already her limbs ached.
But as John shifted about the room, readying for the contest, the heat of Glynna‟s mouth
burned into her breast, and the weight of her fingers, positioned over her quim, began to
feel less like an invasion . . . and more titillating. Her shield of numbness faltered, and
she became aware of the pressure of gentle finger pads against her quim lips . . . and the
weight of a mouth, of lips parted wide over her nipple.
Yet Marian refused to allow herself to think about where her own fingers had been
placed, and instead stared unseeingly across the room at a tapestry on the wall. If she
ignored the sensation at her nipple, the pressure within her quim . . . the heat and
dampness of the nether lips of this woman next to her . . . she could bear it.
The thought occurred to her that she might move, might pull away, and end her part in

the contest, removing the other woman‟s hands from her body . . . but she feared John‟s
punishment even more. This . . . was awkward, but not painful nor even as humiliating as
the other nights.
The men had moved from the far end of the chamber and now came into view. Marian
kept her gaze focused straight ahead, fully aware of the trickle of saliva that had begun to
run down her breast and torso from Glynna‟s open mouth. It tickled, making her want to
move and brush away the itch. She drew in a deep breath, staring into nothingness,
willing the little discomfort to go away.
What were the men going to do? Try to make them move?
She was already having a hard enough time remaining still. . . . If they—
Suddenly, Glynna‟s tongue flickered over her nipple. Marian snatched in her breath
sharply and barely kept herself from jolting.
John turned to look closely at her, and she stared straight ahead. “Do you surrender so
soon?” he asked, moving so that he came into her line of vision. “I had thought you more
stubborn than that, Lady Marian.”
She didn‟t move, didn‟t allow her eyes to focus on him. Instead, she stared straight
through him, his hair and handsome face nothing more than a dark blur.
Glynna‟s tongue darted around her nipple again, secret and sure behind her open mouth.
Marian caught her breath and nearly moved again as little frissons of sensation blasted
through her. Nay . . . oh, this was not . . .
John moved very close, and she could barely breathe, knowing that if she moved, he
would notice even the slightest twitch.
Please, not again . . .
“You may of course move your eyes, Lady Marian,” he said, adjusting her hair once
more. “And look about the chamber at your competition.”
She closed them, struggling to maintain her composure, measuring her breathing.
“You may move your eyes, but you must keep them open, my dear, or the others will cry
foul,” John said in a deep voice near her ear.
Marian had no choice but to raise her lids to see that he was watching her with
satisfaction. Then a faint sound from behind him drew his attention, blessedly, away.
Marian nearly relaxed, almost biting her lip—which would have ended the contest—
when she saw that Sir Louis Krench was watching her closely.
He licked his thin lips and she recognized the glint in his eyes. “Come now, my lady.
Would you not rather a randy cock betwixt your legs than a whore‟s fingers?” He would
have moved up into her face, she believed, had a large dark figure not edged between
them.
“I rather doubt she would find your cock all that randy,” Will said in an obvious jest. His
voice held a tone of good humor that Marian had never heard before. “ ‟ Tis more than a
bit overused.”
“Step back, sirrah,” Louis replied in the same bantering tone. “For I doubt you can even
find your cock, considering the amount of times you‟ve used it.”
Will laughed, a short hard bark, as if he had to force it. “ ‟ Tis not the measure of
frequency but the manner in which it is wielded that concerns me. And the ladies.”

Glynna‟s tongue flickered out again and Marian could barely contain a surprised gasp,
and when the finger that had settled over her swollen labia began to move gently, yet
purposely . . . she went rigid. Her mouth dried and she struggled to maintain control.
Breathe. Concentrate.
And then she could ignore it no longer. . . . The wave of sensation swarmed over her . . .
heat, pleasure, the tightening of her nipple, suddenly jewel hard beneath the rhythmic
tongue . . . the insistent, teasing pressure of a light finger over her hard little pearl. Oh,
nay . . . she couldn‟t breathe, could barely keep herself from twitching, from spinning
away from the silent torture.
And then she felt Glynna move . . . beneath her own fingers. She felt a little pulse against
her, and noticed the slickness of the hot folds of flesh as if they burned down into her
hand.
Marian closed her eyes, breathing deeply, holding herself stiff and unfeeling, even as the
secret little tongue moved wickedly over her tight, sensitive skin. Trails of sensation
coiled down, deep into her belly, and her breathing rose, became harsher, as she fought to
keep from giving in to it.
A soft cry drew her attention and her eyes flew open in time to see Pauletta and her
female partner separating, being pulled apart by John and Lord Ralf.
Marian could not recall exactly the position in which they‟d been arranged, but she knew
it had been just as provocative as her own. The maidservant was sent to the corner, where
she crouched with a complacent look on her face and fondled her winnings: the silver
chain.
Mercifully, her own private torture seemed to have stopped for the moment, giving
Marian a chance to gather control and fight the increasing sensitivity in her own body.
Vaguely, she also realized that now she was to see exactly what awaited her if she could
no longer restrain herself.
Pauletta didn‟t seem dismayed as she was arranged over the huge half barrel, feet flat on
the ground, back arched over the fixture, belly facing up. Her arms were drawn up over
her head, and reached nearly to the floor behind her, where they were manacled in place.
Her breasts lifted, her legs spread and chained, her dark hair spilled down the side of the
barrel into a pool on the floor.
Her pale skin gleamed like soft pearl skin in the yellow light, her pink nipples and the
dark bush of hair over her mound the only color in the living statue. Pauletta breathed
hard, her breasts shimmering with each gasp, her hips twitching, and Marian could see
the dark folds of her quim glistening.
She licked her lips, then realized she‟d moved, and her eyes darted quickly around to see
if anyone had noticed. They were all watching Pauletta, praise God, and no one had
noticed her weakness.
Even Will, who stood nearby, his face like marble, had his eyes focused on the long,
slender body on display before him.
I should love to be the woman who brings him to his knees. Pauletta‟s arch words settled
in Marian‟s mind and burrowed there deeply. He fascinates me.
Would he touch her? Marian couldn‟t take her eyes off the scene in front of her, her heart

thumping madly. Her belly felt tight and expectant, but, mercifully, Glynna chose to
remain still. Mayhap the woman realized that no one would be watching if she continued
her torture.
Or mayhap she wanted to listen to the proceedings—for she could see nothing from her
position.
But Marian could see it all.
John moved first, so quickly that Marian didn‟t realize what was happening. But then she
heard the light smack of leather striking flesh, followed by a soft grunt of surprise. She
saw Pauletta‟s body twitch as John raised his hand and rained blows over her belly and
thighs.
They were light ones, for there were no corresponding blood lines drawn onto her skin.
But each touch of the slender leather caused Pauletta to gasp and jerk and cry out in
pained pleasure.
Marian could not look away, and the sight of her confined body, spread so, roused her
own emotions. And when Glynna decided that the truce was over and began to slide her
tongue around in circles . . . around and around and around her taut nipple . . . Marian felt
the lust rise from deep inside her.
Yet she could not look away as John stepped back, thrusting the slender whip into the
hands of one of his men. He breathed heavily, his mouth full and shiny beneath the beard,
and he lifted his tunic, untied his braies.
Pauletta cried out as he shoved himself between her legs, his hands closing over her
upthrust breasts as he stroked between her legs. He stroked and Marian kept her mind
blank by counting the number of times he slammed into her . . . five ... six . . . seven. . . .
She lost count as Pauletta began to roll and cry beneath John‟s onslaught.
And as the prince cried his release, stumbling back and away, Pauletta whimpered . . .
begging for more. “Please,” she sobbed, her hips moving desperately against the smooth
wood beneath her. The red folds of her quim shone bright, and then Ralf shoved his way
into place between her hips.
Pauletta cried out in relief, and as Ralf rode her, his fingers curling into her white hips,
Louis walked over and straddled the barrel at the location of her neck, facing Ralf, who
pumped away at her hips. Marian watched as he pulled out his slender white cock and
began to jerk hard on it, faster and faster, and she watched the two men as their pleasure
shone on their faces . . . growing tight and pained as they seemed to race to the end.
Glynna‟s fingers began to work again, and her tongue ceased its swirling and began to
tickle over the top of her nipple, where it was the most sensitive. Marian watched,
horrified, fascinated, titillated . . . unable to take her eyes away, as her own pleasure grew
and swelled. Pauletta‟s low little cries filled her ears, along with her own breathing, and
she heard the other woman gasp her relief . . . sobbing her pleasure in a long, keening
moan.
Marian closed her eyes, struggling desperately to retain control of her own body. Her
breathing rasped louder—her mouth had opened and she did not care. . . . She shuddered
and trembled deep beneath her skin, fighting to remain outwardly frozen.
Her nipple grew tighter and more sensitive, the twitching fingers between her legs more

insistent . . . and yet . . . not enough. Not enough to bring her over . . . to give relief.
She rose and fell, gathered up and then eased, beneath the very skillful fingers ... and
suddenly she felt the surge of wetness around her own fingers.
Glynna gasped, pulsing around her, and Marian nearly cried out in surprise as she felt the
quivering sensation from the woman next to her . . . the woman on her, around her,
sucking and licking and teasing. Marian‟s breath came faster. Her hips threatened to
move, to buck against the post behind her. . . . Her head wanted to roll from side to side
as she waited for her peak. . . . She climbed, and grew closer . . . tighter, pulsing,
trembling . . . felt her insides tighten . . . ready. . . .
And then she realized Will stood there, in front of her, his face tight and dark, and Marian
felt herself trapped by his eyes. Even as the dancing finger wriggled insistently over her
pip, another finger pressed secretly inside her, shoving deeply and working in and
around, the torturing tongue flickering faster than John‟s whip. . . . She felt herself
drowning . . . ready . . . so ready. . . .
And then the pressure eased . . . ceased. The tongue stopped, leaving her nipple hard and
hot and wet beneath the open mouth . . . her little pearl pounding uselessly next to a
finger that had frozen and merely teased itself between her thick, swollen lips.
Marian gasped, realized she was breathing as if she‟d been running, and . . . she moved.
She moved; she couldn‟t resist any longer. Her hips thrashed, her body shuddered, and
she heard the cry of victory from somewhere in the room.
Dimly, she was aware that Glynna moved away. . . . The pressure between her legs
receded, leaving her quim throbbing and slick, needy . . . and her breast cold and wet,
dripping with saliva, hard and painfully pointed at the nipple. The necklet still heavy over
her shoulders, no longer cold, shifted, clunking against her, as she moved.
Hands were on her . . . pulling her arm down from the post.
Marian stumbled. She was next. . . . She knew it. . . . She felt strong hands, warm ones,
moving her, sliding over her skin . . . the sharp deep voices . . . then the smooth wood of
the barrel behind her, beneath her.
Her arms drawn long and tall, her back stretched so that her breasts shifted toward her
shoulders. Her legs . . . opened, revealing the need throbbing there for all to see. She
didn‟t care. . . . She wanted it, needed it there, touching her, filling her . . . please. . . .
She breathed, gave a little sob, thrashed her head against the cool wood, heard the
delicate clank of the chains that bound her. Felt the ungainly slide of the necklet to one
side.
Shadows filtered about, harsh voices, and then strong hands at her hips. The brush of
warmth against her, rough cloth. She opened her eyes. Aye . . . Will loomed over her, just
as she‟d imagined . . . just as he‟d done before. Please . . .
He blocked the light, his face turned away. She had the impression of closed eyes, cheeks
sharp and hollow, jaw dark and scruffy. . . . He settled there, and she tried to lift her hips,
tried to rise onto her toes and meet him. . . . She needed this . . . needed him . . . needed . .
. please . . . Will. . . .
She felt him, hot and smooth against her, then the sudden filling of her center . . . the
sweet relief of joining . . . and she cried out and her body surged around his hard cock,

tightening as he moved in and out, fast and urgent and desperate . . . over and over . . .
yes, aye, yes . . . and her body coiled, readied. . . .
She needed to move, to rock and thrust and touch. . . . Her fingers curled helplessly
against wood instead of flesh. She cried out in frustration, in rising desire . . . needing. . . .
Then she felt it . . . closer . . . the promise, the fulfillment ... coming, coming . . . and then
the sensation of shattering, of breaking apart, as she slipped over into rolls of pleasure,
waves of relief, shuddering violently against her chains, against him as she cried out.
A short, sharp moan, low, followed, and he arched into her one last time. She felt him
tense, then sag, his own pulsing filling her core as his fingers tightened painfully into her
sides, dark hair falling to obscure his averted face.
Her breathing settled into long, low gasps, and the warmth of satiation settled over her.
And then she realized where she was: her position, her vulnerability. . . . Her eyes flew
open as Will pulled away, leaving her cold and empty and suddenly frightened.
Nay. She could not. . . . He‟d turned so that his back was to her; she could not see his face
. . . but beyond him she saw John‟s glittering dark eyes and his full red lips. . . . He‟d be
at her in a moment. Looming over her, shoving himself inside her.
Nay, Will. Please.
Marian tried to move, to pull free. . . . She may have cried out . . . but she was well and
truly caught, and the remnants of her pleasure disappeared. Vulnerable, open, helpless . . .
she closed her eyes, holding back a sob.
Nay.
And then her arms were loosened, her ankles freed. . . . Someone dragged her off the
barrel and she stumbled away, collapsing to her knees. . . . Then Will was gone. . . . He
stood across the chamber, still fully clothed, with John and Ralf. . . .
Marian could not stand, and she crawled across the floor, over the rug, moving as quickly
as she could, away.
She trembled with relief and chill and shock. Hearing the sounds behind her, she glanced
over her shoulder and saw Catherine taking her place over the barrel, John and Ralf
standing over her. Louis and Will and others . . .
Marian scuttled out of sight, beyond the large bed, toward the other side of the chamber,
searching for something to cover herself with. The necklet had fallen off or been taken,
and she wore naught but her long hair, catching under her palms and knees.
Dare she leave? She was near the chamber door now, and they seemed not to notice her
absence, for Catherine was providing much distraction as she cried and pleaded in a highpitched voice that could reach the hall below.
Marian curled into a shadowy corner for a moment to catch her breath and survey the
chamber. Louis wielded the whip and was slicing it over Catherine‟s buttocks, which
rose, white and plump, from over the half barrel, writhing and twisting and bucking. John
stood watching, his own hand curled about his cock for once, and Will . . . leaned against
the wall, watching. And Pauletta . . . she had her long, white body pressed up against his
darkly clothed one. One strong arm wrapped around her waist, and her white hand lay flat
against his tunic.
Turning away, Marian tasted something foul deep in the back of her throat. Her fingers

still trembled, and she could not forget the feel of him moving against her, inside her . . .
nor his flat, expressionless eyes. As if he despised what he was doing.
Yet, he took pleasure from it. She knew it. She‟d felt it. . . . She‟d matched his rising lust
with her own.
She pushed the memories, the uneasiness, from her mind. She did not want John‟s hands
on her again tonight . . . nor anyone else‟s. She must get away before they realized she‟d
not received her full punishment.
There were bound to be guards outside the door. Dare she try to slip out? Would they
allow it? Would an aborted attempt to escape only draw their attention back to Marian?
The fog of lust and need had filtered away, leaving her mind clearer than it had been for
some time, and she cast a quick glance around this end of the chamber. This was her
opportunity to see if she could find any evidence of John‟s perfidy.
Keeping her attention half on the activities behind her, morbidly glad that Catherine made
no attempt to keep her voice low, Marian crawled past the table of food and wine, toward
the far end of the chamber. It was the only place that might hold messages or documents.
If she was caught, she could claim she was looking for the chamber pot.
Quickly, quickly, she hurried over, found a low table with a quill on it. Foolscap curled
atop it, but Marian ignored those parchments. John wouldn‟t leave important messages
lying out in his chamber, even if he didn‟t think his visitors could read.
Glancing behind her, noting that the others were still busy, she slipped beyond the table,
staying low to the ground, and found a small chest. Mayhap . . . she tried to open it, but
the chest was locked. And then she saw a packet of oiled leather behind it . . . one that
might be used to protect important documents. Quickly, with trembling fingers, she
untied it and began to unroll the packet.
She scanned the documents, quickly—difficult in the flickering candlelight—keeping one
ear and eye trained on the activity at the other end of the chamber . . . and was rewarded
by the sight of a royal seal. Not of England, but of France. Of Philip Augustus.
Drawing in a deep breath, she knew she‟d found something . . . for John would have no
reason to be in contact with Philip unless it was for some treacherous reason. But all she
saw in the letter was the odd words, “The wild dog shall be contained. An emperor shall
cage him.”
Hearing a change in the mood behind her, Marian quickly stuffed the parchments back
into their leather wrap, rolling and tying it back into place. She‟d barely shoved it behind
the chest, back into its hiding place, when a pair of boots came into her view.
She looked up to find Will staring down at her, an inscrutable expression on his face.
Dimly noting that he hadn‟t even removed his footwear during the entire evening, Marian
pulled to her feet—helped by his imperious hand.
“What are you doing?” he asked in a low, deathly voice. “Are you a fool?”
“I was searching for a chamber pot,” she replied breathlessly, no longer even bothering to
attempt to cover herself.
“Liar,” he said, and thrust her away more sharply than necessary. “Do not let John find
you sneaking about, or you‟ll discover that tonight was a delight compared to what he can
do.”

“Please,” she said, glancing past him, “may I leave? Will?” She cared not that she
begged. She needed to escape from this place.
His mouth settled into a hard line, he gave a sharp nod. “Aye, ‟tis safe enough now, for
the others are beyond caring. But let us be quick.”
Once again, she bundled herself simply in a cloak, her clothing scrabbled up into her
arms, and Will drew her firmly out the door. The guards did not try to stop them, but
from the way they looked at them, Marian knew it would have been a mistake to try to
leave on her own.
Will‟s heavy footsteps rang dully on the stone floor, down the stairs, and over to the other
side of the keep as she trotted along beside him. Back up to the chambers on the second
floor, and to her door. This route too had become horribly familiar.
And, once more, he spoke not at all, gave nothing away with his expression. If possible,
she found his face even more implacable, more unreadable.
When they reached her chamber, he opened the door and preceded her inside. Feeling
awkward yet expectant, Marian followed, closing the door.
Ethelberga snored on her pallet, and Will made no move to send her away or awaken her.
He stalked into the rear chamber, and Marian followed, as if drawn by a string. When he
turned to leave, he fairly walked into her, standing there in the entrance between the two
rooms.
He froze as if afraid to move closer, and she saw his hand curl into a fist at his side.
She was fully aware of her nakedness beneath the cloak, and how tight the chamber felt.
Warm and dark and close . . . and how easily he‟d slid inside her, how glorious it had felt.
Marian licked her lips, not certain why she stood there, why she‟d moved thus . . . what
she wanted. Her heart pounded and she looked up into his face, saw the glitter in his eyes
and the tight press of his lips. Tension filled the space, pounding in her ears along with
her heartbeat, and she swallowed hard.
“You are not hurt,” he said suddenly, his voice low. The words came out like short little
bites, as if dragged from deep within. He would not meet her eyes, but instead she felt his
gaze score over her.
“Nay, Will. You . . .” Her voice gave way, her mouth dried, as the awareness became too
much to bear. How could she want him to touch her with those hands . . . hands that had
set fire to those houses, hands that would have gestured for the hanging... ? Yet she did.
“I warned you,” he said in a harsh voice. “That you must submit. You made your choice.”
“Aye,” she breathed, surprised at the anger. Did he truly think she would have preferred
John? She opened her mouth to tell him she‟d wanted him—reached, even, to touch
him—but he pulled her aside and brushed past, into the antechamber.
At the door to the passageway, a full room between them, he turned and looked at her. “I
warn you again, Marian. . . . Do not allow John to find you reading his papers, or even I
won‟t be able to protect you.”
Then he was gone, leaving her alone. Suddenly bereft and empty.
And wondering if he would return to the Court of Pleasure . . . and the sinuous white
body of Lady Pauletta.

CHAPTER 12
W henever Will had cause to spend any length of time with his knees grinding into a
chapel‟s stone floor, he was reminded of the night vigil before his knighting, more than a
decade earlier. Long and silent, spent fully prone on his face, the hours had gone by in a
drone of noiseless prayer and anticipation for the great accolade.
His life had changed that day, and until he‟d become one of King Richard‟s most trusted
men, he‟d had little trouble keeping the oaths he‟d made before the archbishop of
Canterbury. The oaths of loyalty to his liege, to honor God and protect women, to despise
and renounce traitors.
Now the cold stone beneath his knees served as reminder of his faults, his weaknesses
and failures. And, for the first time, Will could no longer see the way to fulfill those Godsworn oaths. There was no way to obey his liege while retaining his honor and protecting
the weaker gender . . . for to do one, he must renounce the other.
‟Twas an appalling dilemma. One that had drawn him to the chapel, to his confessor,
these last nights . . . he‟d come from the debauchery of John‟s chambers to spend hours
on his knees doing penance for the desire to forswear his vows. Seeking solace.
Searching for an answer.
But at last, the balancing act had taken its toll, and he‟d succumbed this night, stepping
over the line and beyond reason. He gritted his teeth, squeezed his eyes closed at the
realization of what he‟d done.
How far he‟d gone.
The vow he‟d shattered.
Even now, as he knelt, holding himself fully upright, his legs trembling from exhaustion,
from lack of sleep and from intense physical activity, he could not dismiss the sordid
details of his transgression.
He told himself he‟d had no choice. That it had finally come to the point from which
there was no turning away.
His greed, his perfidy, ate at him, gnawing deep in his belly . . . yet, to his great shame,
his body remembered. And could not deny the moment of bliss, of relief, of fulfillment . .
. of triumph.
It was that last—the sense of victory, of attainment—that made the nausea roil sharply in
his belly and brought the foul, metallic taste to the back of his throat.
The faint scuff of a slipper, the nearly soundless rustle of a hem over the floor, pulled
Will‟s attention from his personal misery. He looked up, noting the dark gray cast of
predawn sun filtering over the altar, and saw the slender figure standing there.
“Lady Alys,” he managed to say. His voice was rough from disuse and gruff with
annoyance.
“You are like to fall over,” she said, moving toward him.
In the spare candlelight, he saw kindness in her pretty, heart-shaped face, genuine
concern in her expression, and as before, it disgraced him. That this little slip of a girl

could see something that simply wasn‟t there, or, at the least, wasn‟t there any longer . . .
Will pulled to his feet, aware that his knees ached and trembled in protest. When was the
last time he‟d slept more than two hours? He spent his nights in John‟s chambers, or
taking Marian to hers; he was here . . . or tossing and turning on his own palliasse.
Taunted by dreams of the unattainable.
Or he was burning houses in the village. Or condemning a woman to her death.
Did Alys simply not know of his wickedness?
Marian certainly did.
And now, God help her, she comprehended it firsthand.
The wave of anguish stunned him, and he felt his empty stomach rebel. His fingers
shook, and he clasped them tightly together.
“My lord,” she said, moving closer to him. Alys barely reached the center of his chest;
she must know that he could crush her skull with two hands, or use the back of one to
send her flying across the chamber.
After all, he was the Sheriff of Nottinghamshire. Brutal, cruel, without conscience.
Yet, she lifted her hand to touch his arm and he tensed, unwilling for her to feel his
weakness.
“What do you here?” he demanded, pulling from her fingers. “And alone, at this hour?”
“Something woke me early and I came to pray,” she replied. “But I see you, and
methinks I‟ve been drawn here for a different reason. You are ill. Or troubled. Will you
not let me see to your needs?”
There was Pauletta, whose obvious interest might have been satisfied once upon a time . .
. and might yet still be, if only to keep himself from going mad. There was Marian, on
whom he could barely allow himself to think. And then there was this girl, Alys.
Why could it not be she?
Forcing strained kindness into his tone, Will nevertheless knew that his expression
remained forbidding. “You have the right of it. I am troubled, but that is why I sought my
confessor. All is well.”
“Pardon me for saying so, but . . . it does not appear as if you have met with success.
Please, my lord,” Alys said, opening her hands in supplication. “Will you not at the least
allow me to fix you a draught? It may help you to sleep a bit. I see the weariness in your
eyes.”
In his eyes? It fairly weighted his whole damned body . . . not to mention his conscience.
Still. “Nay, my lady. I have much to attend to this morrow.”
“But the sun has not even risen, and Mass is hours away. ‟Tis clear you‟ve seen no rest
this night. A simple draught to help you sleep. And then you can be back to your tasks
with a clearer mind.”
“Aye, to the burning of villages and the heavy weight of the law‟s sentence in the form of
a knotted rope,” he said bitterly, then regretted the weakness of such an admission.
But Alys looked up at him not with condemnation but with understanding. “ ‟ Tis no easy
task you bear, I trow, my lord. Whilst the rogue Robin Hood dances about, flaunting the
law, you are left to do the work no one wishes. Yet without you, there would be no
order.”

She was looking at him as if he was . . . he did not want to acknowledge—or even to
recognize—what was in her eyes.
“Please.” She reached, boldly, closing her fingers around his wrist and tugging at him.
“There is a pallet in the herbary where you might take your ease for a bit.”
“Nay,” he began to say, but then he stumbled and realized how clogged his mind was,
how slow his reactions were . . . and it startled him.
Will was no stranger to physical duress—he‟d fought in enough sieges and wars that he‟d
gone for days with little sleep, little food, and great demands on his body. But in those
times, the goal had been clear . . . the intent unambiguous, and he had not been torn in
two.
‟Twas the mental anguish that was destroying him.
Returning to the chamber where his pallet lay, one among the rows of many men, would
do little to ease him toward rest. The snores, the snorts, the snuffles . . . all served to
assist his already active mind from succumbing to sleep.
In the end, he followed Alys.
Out in the bailey, with the sun still below the horizon, even the texture of the keep‟s
stones was barely visible and the yard was as quiet as it ever got—which was to say that
there were only a few serfs scurrying about. The night watchmen posted above paid no
heed to them and Will was glad for it. Alys did not need to be seen in his company.
She made her preparations swiftly while he looked beyond the narrow window slit,
uneasy and yet acquiescing. If he could push the thoughts, the shame, the memories, from
his mind for a bit, mayhap rest would clear his mind. And help prepare him for what
would come.
The draught Alys pressed upon him carried the taste of chamomile and something else he
could not identify. He sat on the simple bed in the small, quiet structure and found that, in
doing so, it brought his face just a bit lower than Alys‟s. When she turned toward him, he
stilled and lowered the cup.
The look in her eyes was unmistakable and before he could rebuff her, she rested a light
hand on his shoulder. And leaned forward.
The first brush of her lips was featherlight, little more than a tickle. And then she pressed
harder, fitting her top-heavy mouth against his more closely. She slipped the tip of her
tongue out, over the seam of his mouth. Will did not move, did not close his eyes. Did not
shift closer for more.
Nor did he pull back. He would not offend her thus. Alys stepped aside, her hand falling
from his shoulder. “Would that I could ease you in other ways. But it appears that I
cannot. Rest you well, my lord. I pray you‟ll find the ease you crave.”
She turned to go, and he stopped her. “Alys.” He groped for the words; he was unused to
speaking gently, to taking care with his language. “I am most grateful.”
“Rest you well,” she said quietly again. And she left him.
He moved to lie supine, guilt-ridden, unsettled, weary.
And yet . . . by the grace of God . . . he slept.

Alys grimaced as she stepped out into the bailey, quietly closing the door of the herbary
behind her. Her fingers trembled; her heart beat madly . . . but she did not regret it. With
a quick swipe of fingers, she dashed away the trickle of tears.
Why?
Anger rather than shame coursed through her. Frustration, in the stead of humiliation.
Although if she thought much deeper on it, the humiliation might yet come.
Something moved in the shadows, and suddenly the outlaw was there. Again, as if
conjured by her fury. Her heart thumping harder, mortification rose within her. Had he
seen her crying?
Apparently still wary from their last meeting, Robin remained at a prudent distance,
leaning against the wattle-and-daub bakehouse.
Cloaked in shadow that would soon ease, for the sun was ready to begin its climb, he
watched as she walked toward him, heading for the keep.
“You had little success with the sheriff, I see,” he said, scuffing the toe of his boot into
the dirt, as she drew closer.
Alys continued on, and soon she would pass him. Her mouth was dry and she saw no
reason to respond to his taunt. Yet, he was here. Spying on her? What a fool. Surely he
would get caught if he continued such boldness.
Why, she could bring Nottingham down on him in a trice.
“Alys,” he said, and the desperate tone of his voice caught her, putting a hitch in her step.
But she kept walking. “Did you not learn from our last meeting?” she said as she passed
by.
“Aye . . . I learned . . . something,” he replied in a low whisper. His voice filtered to her
ears over the soft shift and clink of the watchman‟s chain mail as he strode by on the wall
above.
She kept on, feeling his gaze on the back of her neck, ignoring the prickles on her palms,
the flipping and shifting of her stomach. The side door to the keep was only a few paces
away.
“Did you have no success with Nottingham?” His question followed her. Insistent.
“You already supposed that I did not. Why should I be the one to say you nay?” She
flung the reply over her shoulder and slowed her pace . . . but did not stop. Then, behind
her she felt him moving, shifting closer. The hair on her arms lifted; her stomach
fluttered. “Robin, do you test me yet again?”
“I wish only to speak with you,” he said. “Please, Alys. Only for a moment, may we have
a truce?”
She hesitated, and that was her undoing. Before she could respond, he tugged her into the
shadows. She could have raised a hue and cry, calling the watchman down on them. But
she told herself that if she did, then Nottingham‟s rest would be disturbed.
And she had no fear of Robin Hood. He wanted from her only what the other ladies gave
him so readily. She‟d heard men speak of it—little nicks in their bootheels for each kiss
they stole, each noble lady they bedded.
She had no intent of being another nick. Especially on the bootheel of an outlaw.

To his credit, he released her arm as soon as she was out of sight of the watchman,
encompassed by shadow in the corner between the bakehouse and the alehouse. He
released her arm, aye . . . but he stood so close to her, with the wall behind her, that she
felt closed in. Trapped. She swallowed and pressed the pads of her fingers into the rough
straw and mud wall behind her. In the near dark, she felt his gaze heavy on her, saw the
faint gleam of his eyes.
“A truce?” she said, simply for something to say. Her mouth was altogether too dry,
making it difficult to swallow. “Or did you wish to lure me into a dark corner for
something else? Did you not learn the last time?”
“I learned how well your voice carries,” he said, and she saw the flash of white behind
his beard. The contrite Robin had gone, replaced by the charming outlaw. The one who
wooed lady after lady in dark corners such as this one. Who flaunted the law, and dared
to show his face where it did not belong.
A wave of disgust rose anew and Alys thought for a moment she would push past him
and stalk away. But then . . . she looked up consideringly. Since he‟d learned naught of
her the last time, mayhap she must teach him a better lesson.
The night waned, yet it still floated gray about them . . . gray and subtle, enclosing them
in a sort of private fog. Too early for anyone to be up, too late for revelers to be seeking
their beds. The knowledge emboldened her, and the sense of being awake at such an odd
time gave her the impression of acting in a dream.
She realized he was looking at her, and that the air felt charged with the same sort of
tension as a thunderstorm, jagged with lightning.
She‟d done it already once this night . . . why not a second time? At the least, she knew
Robin would not stand like a statue. And mayhap she remembered it wrong. Mayhap on
the heels of Nottingham, it would be no great incident.
“Alys,” he began, but he never finished. For she reached up and pulled his head down to
hers.
The first touch of lip to lip was not so different from moments ago when she brushed
over Nottingham‟s set mouth . . . but only for that first breath. Then his mouth softened in
welcome and she shifted closer, felt his lips gentle and part slightly, the brush of his
beard and mustache like prickling silk. She felt the whoosh of breath from him, his hands
resting tremulously on her shoulders as if unwilling to pull her closer, as if he was afraid
to touch her, but unable to keep from doing so. Light and tentative.
Then she became lost in the kiss, their lips forming to each other and tongues slipping
between them to curl and stroke. His mouth was sleek and warm, fitting to hers, making
her close her eyes, forget who this was and where they were. Her hands came to rest on
the front of his chest, feeling the solidness there, the warmth, and the pounding of his
heart.
It matched hers.
Now his hands moved with more freedom, his hips pressing into hers, trapping her
between him and the wall. His hands at her back, pulling her close, as if he wished to
draw her into his body. A sensual mouth, sliding along her jaw to kiss an ear, then down
to close his lips on the soft skin of her neck, over and over, his strong tongue stroking,

pushing into her sensitive skin. She gasped and seized up, arching against him at the
sensation . . . the tickling pleasure that swarmed her, settling low in her belly.
“Ah, Alys,” he murmured, lifting his face away to look down at her. “I knew it. . . .”
She shoved him away, her mouth open in shock, the languid pleasure evaporating. Nay.
Not him. The anger she‟d felt earlier, leaving Nottingham‟s side, came back in a great
wave.
“Alys,” Robin said, reaching for her again, his mouth in a smile that she could suddenly
discern. The sun had begun to spill its rays over the horizon, and now she could see more.
. . . She saw the man who loomed over her now. His twinkling eyes, his disarming grin.
“Nay, Robin,” she said, pushing against his chest when he would have gathered her up
again.
The light ebbed from his eyes, and his mouth settled. He resisted her attempts to shove
him back, held steady against her effort. “Is it Nottingham?”
Nay. And that infuriated her the most. What she‟d felt when she kissed the sheriff was
nothing, nothing, compared with what this man did to her. This outlaw, who kissed every
lady who was foolish enough to be wooed into a dark corner.
“Release me,” she said, her voice rising mayhap higher than it ought.
“Hush,” he said, looking with concern at the rising sun and the nearness of the watchman.
“Release me.” She shoved hard at his chest, frightened by the way her knees trembled
and her heart raced. She would not succumb to this, to him. “I have no desire for your
green ribands and your stealthy kisses. Give them to your other ladies.”
He took her at her word—or mayhap it was her strident voice that caused him to step
back, eyes wide and hands outspread as though facing a spitting cat. “Alys, please—”
“Do not come near me again,” she said, brushing past him. “If I had my wish, you‟d rot
in gaol.”
“You must tell me,” he said, his voice grinding after her. “Is it Nottingham?”
“I wish it were,” she said, a horrible sob catching at her voice. “Leave me be or I will call
him down on you. The next time I see you, I will.” She managed to force out the threat as
she picked up her skirts and ran.
Away.
Why could it not have been the sheriff?
Why did it have to be this man, this scoundrel . . . this fool, this shallow, deceitful outlaw
. . . who owned her heart?
Marian woke the following morrow feeling restless.
She‟d been unable to keep from reliving those moments in John‟s chamber, writhing and
moaning over the back of the barrel . . . and the relief and pleasure Will had given her. A
combination of mortification and discomfort accompanied memories of her wantonness,
yet she still felt the fulfillment of coupling with him, such as it were. That lovely, full
slide of him filling her . . .
She closed her eyes fiercely. She would not think of it.
Naught changed the fact that he was a blackhearted brute, but she could not deny that
he‟d given her what she needed. And that he‟d taken what he obviously wanted.

Or had he?
She couldn‟t banish the memory of his face, his hard, tortured expression, as he moved
inside her. And afterward, he‟d been just as rigid, just as stoic as ever. Even . . . angry.
Marian rose and called for Ethelberga to assist her in dressing, then went belowstairs to
the chapel. She was a bit surprised to find that Catherine, Joanna, and Pauletta attended
Mass—although their faces and frequent yawns bespoke the lateness of their night. After
all, Marian and Will had left before they did.
Although . . . it was more than possible that Will had returned after depositing her so
unceremoniously in her chamber. Marian found herself eyeing Pauletta in a different
light—all three of the ladies, in fact, but Pauletta most of all. Watching the woman, she
noticed for the first time how sly her eyes were. And the way her mouth twitched in a
feline smile.
Had Will returned to the chamber, and partaken of her offerings?
And why would it matter to Marian if he did?
It did not.
It could not.
She swept from the chapel after Mass, bestowing upon the trio of ladies what she hoped
was a smile that matched theirs in smugness, and went through the great hall. She did not
wish to sit at the trestle table and watch them break their fast, particularly if Will
happened to be there.
She was not quite ready to face him yet.
At the back of the hall, she stopped a serf boy and bade him fetch her a piece of cheese
and an apple with which to break her fast. When he returned moments later, she left the
hall and went out into the bailey.
The September sun shone bright and warm this morning, and it took her a moment to
adjust to the brightness. As she crunched into her apple, she saw Alys emerge from one
of the smaller outbuildings.
“Good morrow,” she greeted her friend.
“Marian,” Alys said. “My goodness, the sun is high. I trow I‟ve missed Mass again,
haven‟t I?”
“Aye, but what were you doing in there?”
“ ‟ Tis the herbary, and I had prepared a draught in the night and came to see if it had
taken for its patient.”
Marian fell into step next to her friend, noticing the dark circles under her eyes. “You
look weary, Alys. Did your maid‟s sister call you out again in the night?”
She shook her head, smiling a bit sadly. “Nay. I could not sleep and went to the chapel.
There I came upon the one in need of my assistance. But now he is gone.”
At that moment, Marian realized what her friend had said, and a sudden thought . . . a
wonderfully brilliant idea . . . settled into her mind. “A sleeping draught?”
“Aye.”
“Could you make one for me? One that would put a man to sleep?”
Alys looked at her shrewdly and at first, Marian thought she might decline. But then her
friend nodded and said, “I could do such a thing. But mayhap you will tell me about its

purpose whilst I brew it?”
Marian nodded. “I will.”
Inside the herbary, Marian found herself intrigued by the long wide table covered with
neat stacks of wooden and clay bowls. Clay jars sat on shelf after shelf with markings on
them, and a variety of utensils, buckets, platters, bowls, mortars, and pestles arrayed the
table and another counter behind it. In a smaller room beyond, she caught sight of a
narrow bed. A black cauldron hung over a happy blaze in the fireplace, steam coming
from within.
“We are alone,” Alys said. “The alewife comes in to build the fire in the morning, but she
has gone back to her house to check on her brew. The leechman and midwife who use
these stores are busy in the village. Now tell me who it is you wish to put to sleep . . . and
why.”
Marian considered for a moment whether to tell Alys the entire truth. After all, putting
medicinals in the prince‟s drink could be considered treason, even if it wasn‟t meant to
harm him.
“Mayhap I should tell you my great secret first,” said Alys. “And then you will know you
can trust me.”
Marian looked at her with interest, but remained silent as her friend spoke again.
“There are few who know that I am the queen‟s half niece. As such, we have a rather
close relationship, as she appreciates the fact that we are secretly bound by blood . . . and
that she can trust me. She oft speaks—or writes, as the case may be—of you,” Alys said,
crushing dried leaves into a small pot of water drawn from the steaming cauldron. “You
are well-thought-of in her mind.”
And the queen was well aware of the propensities of her youngest son. Marian
considered, but in the end decided to be safe. “ ‟ Tis a suitor of mine who is more than a
bit too . . . ardent,” she explained. “I do not wish to offend him, but nor do I wish to
spend the night in his bed. I thought mayhap to find a delicate way to deny him.”
Alys placed the small pot over the fire, removing the larger cauldron, and glanced at
Marian sidewise. “The prince?”
Marian let out a small huff of surprised laughter. “What do you mean?”
The little blond woman spewed out her own puff of air, blowing up the wisps of hair that
had fallen into her eyes from her braid. Her sky blue eyes rolled. “I may appear young
and naive, Marian, but I am not. ‟Tis obvious by the way he looks at you that he lusts for
you . . . and if I had not suspected, the conversation yester-morrow in regards to the
prince‟s festivities would have told me so. The expression on your face made it known to
me that you did not welcome his advances.”
“ „Advance‟ is a weak word to describe the truth,” Marian admitted. “ ‟ Tis well near
force.”
“Then use this well,” Alys told her, turning to strain the infusion into a small bottle.
“There is little taste to it, so he will not notice if you add it to his wine. But it takes some
time to work, so you must administer it early and be patient.” She continued and gave
Marian instructions for dosage. “It will cause him no harm, so you may use it without
fear.”

“I cannot thank you enough,” Marian said, hoping she had not been wrong to trust the
woman.
“You are loyal to the queen, and that is all the gratitude I need. She has been very kind to
me and I owe her much more than simple fealty.” Alys looked at her steadily. “I know
why you are here, Marian. If there is aught I can do to assist, you have only to ask.”
Did she know of her mission for Eleanor, then? Marian looked at her and their eyes met
again. Aye. She knew of it. Or something.
“In fact, I have received word that she expects to arrive within the next sennight. Or
sooner,” Alys added, looking at her meaningfully. “I‟ve journeyed with her often enough
to know how quickly she travels.”
“Indeed,” Marian said. “I‟ve heard that even her men cry for rest before she does.”
“She will allow for little delay; of that you can be certain.”
Marian nodded, feeling more optimistic. She thanked her again and sent for Bruse to have
her palfrey saddled. While he did that, she took the tisane, secreting it in her chamber.
When she returned to the bailey, Bruse and another of her men were waiting, and they
followed her as she rode out through the portcullis. In the distance, beyond the village,
she saw the preparations being made for the next day‟s archery contest. Shaded stands
were being erected in a large, grassy field for the nobles and ladies in front of an area that
had been cleared for the competition.
She had no doubt that this contest was merely a way to entrap Robin Hood, for he simply
would not be able to resist the prize of a golden arrow—nor, more importantly, the
opportunity to be proclaimed the best archer in Nottinghamshire and beyond. And though
she was certain he wouldn‟t heed her warning, Marian meant to put a message in the
hollow oak advising him of this. But since she expected he would dismiss it, she had her
own plans to keep him from being captured and tossed into the gaol.
She and her men rode briskly along the road to the fork where the large boulder sat, and
when they were nearly there, she sent them to wait behind her where they would be close
enough that she could call for assistance, but far enough away that they would not see
what she did. Although she trusted them with her life, she was fully aware that aiding an
outlaw was considered treasonous . . . and by keeping them in ignorance, she protected
them as well.
Leaving her palfrey tied to a tree near the road, Marian approached the oak, moving
quietly into the forest.
She found the place Robin had told her about with no difficulty, and tucked the small
piece of foolscap deep inside. Just as she turned to walk back to her horse, she heard a
soft rustle and the low murmur of voices deeper in the wood.
Curiosity niggled at her, and Marian could not resist. She moved silently through the
forest, taking care to step only on the thick covering of pine needles, which muffled any
sound, and to avoid sticks and bushes. The ability to move thus was a skill she‟d learned
long ago, when she sneaked after the fostering boys at Mead‟s Vale and spied upon them.
When she heard the voices clearly enough to recognize that they belonged to two men
who were speaking in low rumbles, she crouched and peered around a tree.
Will sat atop his massive black horse in the midst of a dark, thick section of the wood.

The trees grew so close here that little sunlight reached the ground. Leaves and pine
boughs created a canopy above Will‟s head, but he stood unfettered and fully in view in
the middle of the shadowy forest.
At first, Marian thought he must be alone, and that his companion—or whomever he‟d
been talking to—had gone. But then she heard a murmured reply filtering from
somewhere, and she looked up into the trees.
Robin?
Robin and Will were talking, there in the midst of the forest?
Or had Will chased the outlaw deep into the wood, and now Robin sat high in a tree,
taunting the sheriff from his perch?
Marian strained to hear their conversation, but just then, Will gave a loud disgusted sound
and wheeled his horse sharply about. He slammed his heels into the destrier‟s side, and
with a great leap, they began to bound toward her. Heart in her throat, Marian stumbled
back, out of the warhorse‟s path, and ducked behind a fallen tree. She tripped over the
huge trunk, tumbling onto the other side and landing in a pile of gown and kirtle.
Worried that Will had heard her ungainly escape, she pulled herself up and peered over
the top of the trunk, half-expecting him to come galloping over to yank her out from her
hiding place. But he barreled on past, and she watched him go with another worry; he
might not have found her, but if he kept on in that direction, he would see her horse and
mayhap her men.
Marian scrambled up and began to run, not back on the route from which she‟d come, but
at a slightly different angle. Will would certainly come back into the forest, looking for
her, and she wanted to be as far from this place where he‟d been with Robin as possible.
She also wanted time to think about what she‟d seen: Will and Robin, talking in the
middle of the wood.
Had they met intentionally, and Robin taken the opportunity to taunt Will from his place
in the tree? Or had it been happenstance, and the sheriff had once again allowed the
outlaw to slip through his fingers? That hardly seemed to be the case, since Will had left
first. But even so, she suspected that the sheriff would be less than pleased to know she‟d
witnessed their dealings.
She tripped and fell once because she wasn‟t watching the ground, so worried was she
that Will might come bursting through the wood upon her. Pulling herself back up,
Marian realized her veil had been torn from her hair somewhere along the way, and that
branches had pulled tendrils from her thick braids. Her skirts were soiled and she was out
of breath by the time she heard what she‟d been expecting: the bellow of her name, and
the dull thud of hooves on the forest floor.
Pausing to catch her breath, she smoothed her hair and her skirt and tried to appear as if
she were merely examining a growth of moss on the side of one tree. She‟d seen one of
the healers use moss to pack a wound once—
“Marian!”
She forced herself to look mildly surprised to see him, but it was difficult when faced
with the dangerous black figure before her. The warhorse pawed and pranced as Will
drew him up and around, coming toward her.

“Madwoman!” he thundered. “What do you here alone? Was not one attack by outlaws
enough for you? Do you wish to be taken off and assaulted?”
“Nay, of course I do not,” she shouted back, startled into anger. However she had
expected their next meeting to be after the events of the night before, this was not a scene
she would have imagined. “My men are nearby, in fact. They will like be coming to my
aid, for they‟re certain to hear how you have attacked me thus.” Her voice had calmed
and now bore a tinge of disdain.
“Or mayhap you simply troll through the wood in hopes of meeting Robin Hood,” he
continued furiously, as if she‟d never spoken, his voice infused with venom. He took
little care to keep the destrier from pawing and snorting, fairly atop her in his close
proximity.
If she did not know how well he controlled his horse, she might be frightened enough to
step back from the four-legged beast, but Marian was not about to show any further
weakness. Instead, she stood her ground and glared up at him, hardly able to accept that
only last night he‟d been sliding in and out of her body, making her cry and writhe with
pleasure.
“I presume this is yours?” His fist whipped out and she saw that he was holding a scrap
of blue ribbon.
Marian looked at it, immediately recognizing the bit of fabric. She hadn‟t even noticed
the narrow trim was missing, but quickly realized where she must have lost it: in the cave
where she and Robin had . . . been . . . two days ago.
And Will had found it. And made . . . the right . . . conclusion. She grimaced.
“In the future,” he continued as the sound of more dull hoofbeats came pounding, “I
suggest you find a safer place than the middle of the forest to search for your lover. ‟Tis
foolish to wander where any might see or find you.”
Before she had the chance to reply, Bruse and Fargus burst into view brandishing their
swords as they galloped up.
“Hold!” she shouted, raising her hands to stop them. The last thing she needed was for
them to attack the sheriff. Although ‟twould likely be an overmatched battle, with the
sheriff and his warhorse coming out the victors.
“Lady?” Bruse asked, slightly out of breath, eyeing the sheriff warily. He moved toward
her, maneuvering his horse adeptly between his mistress and Will.
Marian thought she saw a glint of approval in the sheriff ‟s eyes as his mount flared his
nostrils furiously, but it disappeared.
Instead, he asked, “Is this yours?” Dangling the ribbon from a dark hand, he caught her
with his dark eyes, his gaze piercing her coldly.
He wanted confirmation that she‟d been in the cave with Robin, and by the saints, she‟d
give it to him. “Aye.” She walked easily past Bruse and reached to pluck it from his
fingers. “I had no idea I‟d lost it. Many thanks for returning it.”
“Mayhap next time, you‟ll take better care not to leave evidence of your presence
languishing about. It could be dangerous to you.”
“More dangerous than the Sheriff of Nottinghamshire?” she asked pertly. “That I cannot
fathom.”

He scowled at her well-placed barb, then wheeled his mount and started off toward the
keep without another word. She watched him go, admiring his easy grace in the saddle . .
. and the width of his shoulders, the thick dark hair that just brushed them, the powerful
thighs that clamped around the warhorse.
And she wished that he were not the man she knew him to be.

CHAPTER 13
T he day of the archery contest dawned gray and wet, and showed no inclination toward
changing into more pleasant weather. Droplets glittered in the morning light and gray
drizzle cooled the air as the sun rose behind smoky clouds. Nevertheless, the competition
would commence just after the midday meal in the hall, for John would not be denied his
pleasure—for the match, nor for springing his trap upon Robin Hood.
After coming upon Marian in the forest the day before, Will had returned to the keep and
managed to keep the prince occupied, distracted with his plans to capture Robin Hood the
next day. They‟d plotted, drinking wine, throughout the evening and into the night before
John sought his bed. This gave Will a needed reprieve and, he supposed, Marian a quiet
night.
Unless Locksley had found his way into the keep and her chamber.
Better him than Will. At the least, she would welcome the outlaw.
His jaw tight, he dismissed those thoughts and turned his attention to the archery contest.
Will knew that Locksley would be unable to resist the challenge to attend the
competition, and that he would win the contest. There was no one in the county who had
the same skill with a longbow; hence, John had made the prize too rich for the man to
pass up. A gold arrow, which could be melted down to share among the poor Locksley
made such a show of protecting, would be an irresistible lure.
Though he didn‟t sit at the high table during the midday meal, Will could not help but
search for Marian, as if to ascertain whether she looked rested . . . or not . . . after her
night away from the Court of Pleasure.
But he didn‟t see her. Instead, no sooner had he left the hall and strode outside than
Marian‟s master-at-arms accosted him in the rain-dampened bailey.
His ruddy face appeared strained, and his eyes were lit with worry. The man gave a little
bow, just enough to show respect but nothing more. “My lord sheriff,” said the man. “I
do no‟ wish to trouble you now, but I bear bad tidings.”
“What is it?” Will asked, actually stopping in his tracks.
“My lady . . . she is gone. She ha‟ said she willn‟t stay in Ludlow any longer and she ha‟
gone. . . .” Here the man‟s voice dropped low and he glanced around, then back to Will.
“She ha‟ gone to that Robin Hood. She claims she will be safer there, though I cannot
trow how it could be safe . . . being wi‟ a bandit in the woods.”
Will was enraged. The woman was mad. If John learned that she‟d joined the outlaw . . .
And yet, Will could not deny her reasons for doing so. He‟d even considered sending her

off with the bandit. At the least with Locksley, she would be safe from John . . . and from
himself.
Aye. From the both of them.
But he had a bigger concern at the moment. “She went off . . . alone?” Surely she
wouldn‟t have been so foolish.
The man shrugged, his face worried, his skin glistening from the misty rain. “I do not
know, my lord. I do nay think she would, but none of the men went with my lady.”
Will drew in a slow breath. Marian was not that much of a fool. Either she had something
planned with Locksley or she found some other way to ensure her safety. She would not
have gone alone. He believed that.
And her plans aside, Will had sent men to patrolling the forest even more heavily since
Marian‟s experience with the outlaws who had attacked her. None of his men had seen a
sign from that group of bandits.
Mayhap Locksley had sneaked her from her chamber late in the night while Will attended
to the prince.
“How do you know of her disappearance?”
“Her maidservant ha‟ told us just this morning.”
Will allowed himself to relax a bit. ‟Twas possible that his last guess was correct:
Locksley had helped her slip from Ludlow late in the night while the maid snored on her
pallet.
And then he wondered if having Marian with him would keep Locksley from attending
the archery contest. John would be most annoyed if things did not go as planned and
Robin Hood did not end up in the Ludlow dungeon.
He would soon find out. Will‟s attention was drawn beyond the walls of the bailey to the
faint sound of horns calling the competitors to appear.
“Send word to me if you learn anything further,” Will said. “But I do not believe she is in
any danger from Robin Hood—most likely he will hold her for ransom in order to fill his
cup. He dare not harm a noblewoman.”
Harming Marian was most definitely not what Locksley had in mind.
Striding through the bailey, Will took up Cauchemar‟s reins from his waiting squire and
launched himself into the saddle. Beyond the walls, against the dreary gray sky, he saw
the colorful pennants raised over the covered stands that had been erected in the last few
days. They sagged flat and limp beneath the incessant damp. John‟s raised platform was
in the center with a clear view of the targets that had been arranged along the tree line.
Placing the circular targets near the forest had been Will‟s suggestion, for he explained
that it would make Robin Hood overly confident of his escape, should he think it
necessary. John and Will had made other plans, however, to thwart such an attempt.
Yet Will didn‟t believe that Locksley would leave without his golden arrow, regardless of
the danger he might find himself in. He would wait to claim his prize, and then make
some bold escape.
And, as always, the Sheriff of Nottinghamshire would be unable to stop him, and appear
to all as inept and slow.
As he drew closer, Will eyed the contestants that had begun to gather. Men of all ages

and social classes, from noble to freeman to villein, held longbows and adjusted quivers
over their shoulders. They milled about in small clusters, their boots and hose dark at the
ankles from the damp grass.
He meant to ride down to the green where the match was to take place, but one of John‟s
pages hurried up and caught his attention. Still high atop Cauchemar, Will found it
necessary to look far down at the boy when he delivered the message that the prince
required the sheriff‟s attendance.
Gritting his teeth, certain that John merely wished to review once again the plan to
capture Robin Hood, Will turned and directed his mount off toward the tallest of the
stands, at the center of the field. The prince had required chairs to be brought for himself
and a few of his closest companions, and the oiled fabric roof tented high enough above
the seats that he could walk fully erect beneath it—but not so high that the sting of rain
angled through.
“Aye, my lord,” Will called, bringing Cauchemar to the front of the stand, which stood as
high as his head. “How may I serve you?”
“Where is Lady Marian of Morlaix?” John replied. He rose from his seat to come toward
the edge of the stand. “ ‟ Tis my wish and desire that she join me here. I have a seat
prepared for her. Bring her to me before the match begins.”
Will‟s face froze in the pleasant but emotionless expression with which he always faced
the prince. “I have not seen Lady Marian, my lord. Is she not with the other ladies?”
“No one seems to know where she is,” John said, looking down at Will. His unfriendly
eyes fixed on him darkly. “Find her. I wish to have her company whilst I watch the
proceedings.”
“I have not seen her since supper yesterday,” Will replied. “Mayhap she is ill in her
chamber.”
“Nay. I have sent for her, and I know for certain there is no one in her chamber.” John‟s
eyes gleamed maliciously. “You do not know where she is?”
“My lord, I truly have not seen her since last evening‟s meal. As you recall, you and I
spent the remainder of the evening planning for today‟s events,” Will said in an effort to
redirect the prince‟s attention to the matter at hand: capturing Robin Hood. He did not
care for John‟s sudden and overt interest in Marian‟s whereabouts.
John looked at him for a moment, then seemed to ease off on his intention. “Aye, then.
You will find her after the match, and after we have the outlaw in our custody. Lady
Marian will be honored when I invite her to sit next to me at the celebration meal anight.”
Will gave a brief nod and turned his horse away before the prince formally dismissed
him, but he did not care about the snub. His muscles jumped and his belly had tightened,
for the sands seemed to be running out for Marian.
‟Twas a good thing after all that she had left and gone to Locksley. Although how Will
would handle it when John found out, he had yet to determine.
The first round of competitors was, of course, the longest and the least exciting. But by
the end, twenty-three archers had been culled down to ten. The targets were moved
farther away and the stands had begun to fill with the ladies and nobles, as well as menat-arms and other spectators. The gray world was chilly, but they would not be wet

beneath the covered stands.
Will watched as the ten lined up, readying themselves for this next challenge, and he
examined each one to determine which was Locksley. He knew that even Robin Hood
wasn‟t bold enough to appear without being in some disguise.
Though the gray mist softened some of the details of each person, Will found it easy to
dismiss the two men-at-arms he recognized, and also two men who were too short.
Another man was too fat, although Will didn‟t completely count him out, knowing that
Locksley could easily pad his tunic. But in the first round, that man had not shot his
arrows true enough to be Locksley.
There were three others who wore hats to keep the drizzle from their faces—a convenient
way to obscure their features. But he discounted them simply because of the way they
moved—not as smoothly nor as confidently as Locksley would. Will knew the man for
whom he searched extremely well.
That left two candidates, and he watched them closely. One stood apart from the other
competitors, and it was difficult to tell if he was tall enough to be Locksley. The curls
showing from beneath his low cap were black, much darker than the outlaw‟s, and he was
clean-shaven, unlike Locksley had been the last time Will had seen him. He seemed to
hunch beneath his tunic and the loose cloak, but that was not surprising due to the
dampness.
The other man was also hunched over a bit, and Will saw that his knees were slightly
bent and he seemed to tip to the side, as if one shoulder was heavier than the other. When
he shot his arrows, he seemed to pull himself more upright. Yet, he moved awkwardly, as
if he was attempting to hide his age or true height. This man wore a voluminous cloak,
and its deep hood obscured his face.
An obvious disguise, but because it was so obvious, it caught Will‟s attention. It might be
Locksley himself beneath that cloak or it might be a decoy meant to draw the attention of
the sheriff and king. The truth would be told during the competition, for Will knew no
man who could match Locksley with the longbow.
And if there were, surely he would have heard of it.
The rain became thicker, yet the match continued. The second round eliminated all but
three of the contestants, and Will‟s eyes narrowed in satisfaction as he looked them over
again, moving closer to the archery row. He‟d been right, of course. One of the two men
who‟d caught his attention must be Locksley: either the clean-shaven man with the dark
curls showing from beneath his cap or the awkward man in the cloak. The third
contestant was one of the men-at-arms that Will knew.
The targets were moved even farther away, and made smaller. The rain increased, making
it even more difficult to see them. This was the final challenge. Each man would shoot
three arrows, and the results of all three would be accounted. The one with the most
arrows closest to the center of the target would win the golden arrow.
Yet even as he focused on the contest, Will could not easily dismiss his conversation with
the prince. He was certain it had been John‟s way of telling him that their agreement was
over. And now Marian was secreted away somewhere in the forest while her lover risked
his life—and hers—by competing in this bloody contest.

Did Locksley not realize he put not only himself but Marian in danger as well? By
showing up here, and winning? For if Robin Hood was captured, as John fully intended
he should be, his band of men would no longer have their leader. They would easily be
flushed out of the forest, and Marian with them, and her allegiance to the outlaw exposed.
Or she would do something even more foolish and try to bargain for his release or pardon
from the prince.
What would she offer—or what would John take—in return for his mercy?
Gritting his teeth, Will turned his attention from those unpleasant thoughts and looked
around the stands, and at his men-at-arms, who‟d been stationed about. Some of them
wore their hauberks of mail and carried swords, but others had been dressed in the garb
of villeins or freemen. Their swords were hidden beneath long, rough tunics. Will had
even bidden three of his men to hide up in the trees at the edge of the wood, near the row
of archery targets. They would not only keep watch for members of Robin‟s band but
also be there to stop the man if he tried to escape.
But the golden arrow would be awarded in the center of the open field, given by Prince
John to the winner. And there would be nowhere for Robin to run or hide when he came
forward to receive it.
Will moved down past the stands, ignoring the heavy gaze from Pauletta as well as the
curious one of Alys of Wentworth. He should thank the little blond woman for the
chamomile draught, for it had helped him to sleep well for several hours yester-morrow .
. . but he had avoided doing so, for he didn‟t want a repeat of their last meeting. The hurt
look in her eyes still haunted him, while her kiss did not.
The cloaked archer had stepped forward, still awkward . . . but when he nocked his
arrow, he seemed to straighten fully. He was definitely tall enough to be Locksley, and
the arrow flew true, slamming into the target just left of center.
Will nodded to himself and eased Cauchemar closer, the damp from the grass having
long soaked the destrier‟s hocks. The man-at-arms shot next, and missed the center of his
target by the width of his own broad thumb. Next was the dark-haired man, who‟d
remained apart from the other two archers. Will saw that he wore a tunic that was too
large for him, and it made him look bulkier from a distance. The real man beneath, Will
realized, was too slender to be Locksley at any rate, and mayhap too short.
Having confirmed the identity of his target as the cloaked longbowman, Will watched the
remainder of the proceedings idly. He himself was fairly skilled with the bow, and John
had at first suggested that he compete as the king‟s champion. If he won, then the prize
would not have to be awarded, and John would have not only drawn Robin Hood from
the forest but also kept his golden arrow. But Will had declined, explaining that he would
prefer to be free to trap the outlaw, and so now he merely watched.
The dark-haired man‟s arrow flew, arching gracefully across the field, and found its
mark, true. It was the only arrow to hit the center of the target.
Will straightened and looked at him again more sharply. Nay, it could not be Locksley.
The man was too slender. And not tall enough.
And then he moved, sidling away as the cloaked man stepped up for his second shot. Will
froze as he caught a better glimpse of the dark-haired man‟s profile.

By the saints, that was no man. That was Marian!
Will blinked and looked again. Was he mistaken?
Nay, indeed. He‟d forgotten how enamored she‟d been of the bow when he knew her at
Mead‟s Vale—although he could never have imagined she‟d become so skilled as to
compete thus with Locksley. But now that he suspected the true identity of the darkhaired “man,” he saw the confirmation in the way she moved, the way she raised her
bow, and the fact that she was not tall enough. She stood on a bit of an incline that made
her appear to be closer in height to her competitors. That explained why she‟d stood at a
distance for nearly the whole of the match.
He almost smiled at her cleverness, but caught himself in time. There was naught to smile
about. She was here with Locksley—unless it had been a carefully planted lie that she‟d
gone to him in the wood—and it appeared one of them would win the golden arrow. If
he‟d thought Locksley was foolish before, now he was furious with him. How dare he
bring her and flaunt their relationship in full view of the prince?
The prince, who had demanded to know where she was.
Tension rose within him, and Will realized his fingers had closed into tight fists. By the
bloody cross, he did not need this to contend with. ‟Twas bad enough trying to keep John
from sniffing between Marian‟s legs. Now he would seek to punish her for consorting
with England‟s most wanted outlaw. He could not even fathom what John would inflict
upon her. And there would be naught he could do to stop him that would not involve
treason.
The second round of arrows flew. Locksley‟s hit his target squarely in the center and then
the man-at-arms‟s bolt lodged closer to the center than his last effort. Will watched as
Marian stepped up to let her second arrow go, and he realized he was holding his breath.
He made himself release it, but watched the bolt whiz through the air. It lodged nearly
atop the previous one, in the dead center of the target.
By the rood, not only was Marian in the final three; she was winning. Was that
Locksley‟s plan? Or did he mean only for her to be a distraction?
Will glanced at the outlaw, who seemed to be standing straighter now, and no longer
affected an awkward stance. One might imagine that he was annoyed with his lover‟s
skill. That thought did make Will smile, although the humor faded almost immediately.
If Marian won, John would surely recognize her when he awarded her the golden arrow.
Would she then escape, returning to the forest with Robin Hood? That would seal her fate
in the eyes of the prince.
But surely she would not be foolish enough to reveal her relationship with Locksley. Will
relaxed marginally. He must credit her for her intelligence. She wasn‟t that much of a
fool.

Marian sensed the moment Will recognized her, for from the corner of her eye she saw
him tense completely, drawing himself even taller in his saddle. It appeared he was not
terribly pleased with her ruse.

She was surprised he‟d seen through her disguise. The large, soft cap that sat on her head
covered her bright, bundled hair, and she had affixed black horsehair to its edges to create
the appearance of black locks. A bit of dirt on her face to darken her skin, men‟s clothing,
and taking care not to lift her face too often or too far had helped keep her identity a
secret.
Since he had recognized her, she hoped he wouldn‟t do anything about it. Or, if he did, he
would not do so until she was awarded the arrow.
But Will‟s reaction was naught compared with that of Robin‟s. Marian had to bite the
inside of her lip to keep it from twitching at the annoyance that blasted from his stance.
She was fairly certain that he had not yet recognized her, for she had taken care to remain
at a distance from him, with her face averted. But whether he had or had not, ‟twas clear
that he did not enjoy meeting up with a longbowman—or woman—as skilled as he was.
Or more so.
Marian realized with a start that it was her turn for the last shot. She had purposely not
looked at the other targets during this round, so she was not aware of how well she was
doing against her competitors . . . but Robin‟s demeanor suggested that someone, at least,
was challenging him.
Stepping up to the archer‟s position, she pulled one of Tesh‟s arrows from her quiver.
She‟d warned Robin that the wood-worker from Mead‟s Vale made the best, straightest,
and fleetest of arrows in England, and she was about to prove yet again that she could hit
her target with them.
The bolt felt familiar and steady, and she took her time, aiming through the misty air. The
target sat at the tree line, with the dark forest looming behind it, its red painted circle
already host to two of her bolts.
Will‟s gaze bored into her back, right between her shoulders, but she couldn‟t let that
bother her. She pretended that the target was John‟s raging red cock, then closed her eyes
and let the arrow fly.
When she opened them, it was over and the crowd was cheering. Marian looked at her
target and saw that her third shot had landed precisely where she intended it—in the
center of the target. Her three arrows created a small triangle in the dead middle of the
small circle. She glanced over at the other targets for the first time, but found that she
didn‟t need to—for Lord Beghely, the man who‟d led the three judges, had turned toward
her, congratulations in his expression.
Delight coursed through her. She‟d won! As Lord Beghely approached, she looked over
toward Robin and saw that he was staring at her with a shocked expression. Clearly he
was only now recognizing her. Marian swallowed a giggle. She‟d told him she wished to
challenge him—and he‟d belittled her chances. Now she‟d won the match in full view of
all. Although no one else would ever know it was Marian of Morlaix who earned the
golden arrow, Robin would. And that was enough for her.
Before Marian could bask any longer in the knowledge that she‟d bested Robin Hood,
Will‟s large black horse pranced into view. After a brief congratulations, Lord Beghely
stepped back with the sheriff‟s approach. Marian looked up into Will‟s face and couldn‟t
help the twitch of a proud smile as their eyes met.

As usual, he bore only a staid expression—one that could be called forbidding, in this
case. Could he not see the humor in the situation just this once? He knew Robin of
Locksley as well as she did; he must know that the man‟s pride would be bruised. Or
perhaps that wasn‟t what annoyed him. Maybe Robin‟s humbling was nothing compared
with what he saw as the outrage of a woman besting a man?
But how absurd! Marian thrust away her moment of glory and realized how foolish she
was being. There had been one reason and one reason only for this archery contest—she
was smart enough to realize it had been a trap for Robin Hood. And he had indeed
attended, and now he was to be captured.
Unless her ruse would sufficiently distract and confuse people from being able to do so
successfully.
Yet, before she could speak, the sheriff said, “So you have won the golden arrow. And
what might we say is your name, when I present you to His Majesty the prince?” There
was no mistaking the emphasis on those last words, and Marian felt a trickle of
apprehension run down her spine. Will was telling her that she should continue with her
charade and not reveal her true identity. Was there a chance that the prince wouldn‟t
recognize her? Only a slim one, she was certain.
“I am called Tesh of Thane‟s Green,” she replied in a voice deeper than her normal one.
A sudden shout drew her attention, and she spun to see Robin Hood streaking toward the
forest. A slew of arrows followed him, and dark shadows emerged from among the trees,
converging on him.
“ ‟ Tis Robin Hood! Capture him!” cried the prince.
Marian caught herself before she showed any reaction. Revealing her true identity or her
allegiance to an outlaw would do no good to anyone and most certainly bring great harm
to herself and Robin.
Will‟s horse stamped and whuffed next to her as she watched the activity. She realized
she had her fingernails curling sharply into her palms. The shadows at the forest‟s edge
were not clear, and she couldn‟t see what was happening as Will and his mount leapt
away, pounding toward the wood.
Robin. Please be safe!
Moments later, Will and three of his men rode triumphantly back into the field. Ahead of
them, they pushed a figure that stumbled as the three men on horse and two on foot
herded him forward. Ropes trailed from his body, causing him to trip and giving him
little range of movement for his arms and legs.
The roar of the crowd seemed muted—or mayhap it was Marian who felt dull fear settle
over her. They‟d caught him at last. She moved closer to the stands, edging along so that
she could be near enough to attract Robin‟s eye. Let him know that she would do all she
could to help him.
As she watched, Will and his men brought the man forward roughly, moving rapidly
toward the stand where Prince John awaited them. He looked down, smoothing his sleek
beard and mustache eagerly as the prisoner stumbled and fell in front of him.
As he drew nearer, Marian saw that Robin was wrapped up in some sort of netlike
covering. It appeared he‟d become entangled in it, trapped like a wild animal. The crowd

roared and hissed as Will‟s man pulled the prisoner to his feet. From where she stood in
front of the spectator stands, she caught a glimpse of his face.
It wasn‟t Robin.
Marian knew that straightaway. The man looked like him. . . . He did indeed resemble
Robin Hood with dark blond hair and a beard and mustache, but it was not Robin of
Locksley who stood there before the prince.
She glanced up at Prince John, eyes wide, and saw that the triumph had not leaked from
his face. The prince did not recognize that his man was not the outlaw!
“What a great day for Nottinghamshire!” John crowed. “We have taken into custody the
bandit known as Robin Hood!”
Marian glanced at Will, ready for him to announce the mistake . . . but he sat stiffly on
his horse, facing the prince, and gave no indication that they‟d captured the wrong man.
He said or did naught to disabuse John of his misunderstanding, and certainly made no
move to look in her direction.
Did this have something to do with them speaking in the wood? But why? And how
could it?
Before she could think on this turn of events any further, the horns sounded again and she
heard the crowd roar with approval. Everyone was looking at her, and Lord Beghely
beckoned for her to come forward. As the sheriff‟s men took the hapless prisoner—who
was the poor man?—off toward the keep, where he would be thrown into gaol, Marian
stepped reluctantly forward to receive her prize. As Lord Beghely presented her with the
golden arrow, Prince John, in an obviously jovial mood now that his trap had been
sprung, beckoned her to come even closer.
She tried to look down in a stance of humility, fully aware of Will‟s steady eyes on her.
But because Prince John sat so high above her in the stands, their respective positions
already put her in a position of obeisance, and when he spoke to her, she had no choice
but to lift her face a bit in order to hear him. But she tried to appear shy, keeping her face
trained at the festooned stand in front of her.
“Tesh of Thane‟s Green,” John said in a booming voice. “Do you not look on the eyes of
your benefactor, and thank him for his generous prize? Do you have no gratitude for your
liege?”
Marian caught herself just before she fell into a curtsy and instead moved into a smooth
bow. On the way up, she adjusted her cap so that it tipped forward onto her brow. She
hoped it would obscure her face a bit more from the height at which John looked down at
her.
But when she looked up at last, their eyes met. The prince stared at her for a moment, a
long moment, and then the flash of recognition washed over his face. Marian braced
herself and sensed Will moving closer behind her.
Why was it so important that he not recognize her, now that the contest was over and
Robin was caught? Her only reason for wearing the disguise was to make the prince and
the sheriff believe that she might be the outlaw, in order to allow him a chance to escape.
Not only had he done so, but clearly it was with no help from her. All she had done was
win the match. Despite Will‟s obvious concern, she could fathom no reason to conceal

her true identity from the prince now that it was all over.
And perhaps she was right not to worry. Other than a glimmer of amusement in his dark
eyes and the hint of a smile beneath his beard, John gave no indication that he knew who
she was. “Very well, then, Tesh of Thane‟s Green,” he boomed, looking around
expansively at the audience. “You are now proclaimed the greatest longbowman in the
county, and you have taken possession of the golden arrow! All proclaim fiat! Fiat!”
“Fiat! Fiat!” the crowd roared.
And then John leaned forward, speaking for Marian‟s ears only. “Congratulations, Lady
Marian. That was well played. I wish to extend my personal felicitations to you this
evening in my chamber.” He glanced at Will, a smile playing beneath his well-trimmed
beard. “Alone.”

CHAPTER 14
“Alys,” Marian hissed, pressing into the mudded walls of the alewife‟s house to conceal
herself.
The delicate woman paused as she crossed the bailey, looking toward Marian where she
hid in the shadows. “Aye? Who calls me?”
“ ‟ Tis I, Marian.” She kept her voice low, and tugged the cap from her head so that Alys
could see her bright red hair in the drizzling rain. “I must speak to you.”
Moments after the archery contest had ended, the misty sprinkles had become a fullfledged rainstorm. The spectators had all dispersed quickly, ready to change out of their
damp, chilled clothing. Marian had hurried off as quickly as possible, anxious to be away
from the prince‟s dark eyes as well as to make her own plans for the evening. Joining
John in his chamber . . . alone . . . was not something she wished to do.
The very thought made her stomach pitch and flutter in an unpleasant manner. She
thought she might vomit at the thought of being John‟s plaything.
And that was what had given her an idea that had prompted her to wait in the bailey in
order to catch Alys‟s attention.
“What do you, going about dressed like . . . ?” Alys‟s voice trailed off as she caught sight
of Marian‟s disguise. “That was you? The winner?”
“Aye.” Marian could not smother a smile of pride. Will might not care that she‟d won,
and Robin seemed to be full of the sulks over it, but at the least Alys‟s expression was
one of beaming admiration. She‟d rather celebrate with Alys than the prince.
“You bested Robin Hood in the contest?”
“Aye!” Marian replied, aware that her pride was showing overmuch. She softened her
grin to a mere smile and tried to remind herself of humility.
“I cannot believe he was very pleased with that at all,” Alys added, linking her arm
through Marian‟s. She‟d obviously taken seriously her friend‟s request to speak, for she
began to direct them once again to the herbary. “And now he is captured and sits in the
prince‟s gaol. ‟Tis a ripe meal to serve up to a fool such as he. He should have stayed in

the wood.”
Marian bit her tongue to keep from telling Alys the truth, but then she looked at the
woman and saw that she was looking back at her . . . with a meaningful expression on her
face. Did Alys know that the man who‟d been captured was not Robin Hood? Did she
know, or merely suspect? And since the woman bore no love for the outlaw, would she
cry the truth to John? Or Will?
She would worry about that later. For now, she was in need of Alys‟s assistance. The
door to the herbary opened easily and the two women slipped in. The small building was
empty, and as Alys stoked the fire and lifted a switch to light candles from it, Marian
moved to close the shutters of the single window. Though it was raining, and everyone
hurried to the warmth inside, one could not be too careful of eavesdroppers.
Just as she reached the window, she caught sight of Will striding quickly and
purposefully across the bailey. Mud flew from his boots, and his dark hair was plastered
to his jaw and temples. The shadow of the day‟s growth of a beard darkened his face,
giving him a more threatening appearance than usual. He was coming from the stables,
no doubt on his way to check on the false Robin Hood in the dungeons.
“Nottingham,” Alys breathed, having moved to peer over Marian‟s shoulder when she
paused at the window. “He is a fine sight, if a fearsome one.”
Unable to disagree, Marian quickly closed the wooden shutters before Will noticed them
gawking at him.
Why was she gawking at the man? She despised what he‟d done to his people—his
rigidity with the law and cruelty to them. Regardless of what had passed between her and
Will, whatever was really going on between him and Robin, she could not put his sins out
of her mind. He was no better than John. Aside of that, he‟d clearly not found her charade
amusing today, and he must be quite furious that Robin Hood had escaped his trap yet
again.
Yet again.
Marian frowned. Robin had escaped Will yet again. It seemed as though the outlaw had
naught but good fortune, and the sheriff naught but bad. Yet, Will was the last man she‟d
call a fool, and Robin could ofttimes be one himself. After all, why would the outlaw
continue to sneak into the keep? Or speak to the sheriff in the forest? She wondered again
whether he‟d been merely taunting him from the tree-tops, or whether they had been
talking. But if they had been talking, why hadn‟t Will made a move to capture him? Was
there some other reason?
She turned from the window and saw that Alys was looking toward the small pallet in the
back of the herbary. When she realized Marian had noticed, Alys raised her gaze, her
cheeks lightly flushed.
“Do you recall when I told you that I‟d made a sleeping draught for a man?”
“Aye, of course.” Marian nodded.
“ ‟ Twas Nottingham.” Alys hesitated, then continued. “I came upon him in the chapel,
well in the early hours of the morrow.”
“Nottingham?” Marian would have been no more surprised if she‟d said she found John
therein. “In the chapel?”

“Aye. I know that he is no favorite of yours, or of anyone‟s, but . . . I must talk plainly to
you.”
“You already know you can trust me, Alys. You say you found him in the chapel, in the
early morn?”
“ ‟ Twas more of night than morn,” Alys said. “I woke early and thought to visit the
chapel for prayer . . . yet I found him there on his knees. He was none too pleased to see
me, and he looked like death.”
Marian sat on a stool and waited for her friend to continue. Her stomach had begun to
twist and flutter, and she wasn‟t certain why.
“I have seen him thus—dark, angry, in pain—on two other occasions, and I was certain
he had some illness. But he insisted he did not. However, I could see his weariness and I
pressed him to allow me to make him a sleeping draught. I swear, I feared he would
shatter into ugly pieces if he did not have a care.”
“He took the draught?” Marian could not imagine Will acquiescing to anything he did not
wish to do—especially to urgings from this delicate sprite of a woman.
“Aye . . . I brought him here, and he agreed to rest.” She looked past Marian into the
smaller room, where the bed sat. “I kissed him.”
Marian‟s mouth went dry and her stomach fell like a stone. She could not reply.
Alys turned to look at her, and Marian saw the remorse in her eyes.
“He did not hurt you,” Marian exclaimed in disbelief.
“Nay! Of course he did not,” Alys replied. “He would not. Marian, I know he is hard and
mean, but I do not think ill of him. I have cared for many people, I have this skill with the
medicinals . . . and I am used to understanding people. I knew he would not hurt me. I
wanted merely to . . . relieve him. To ease whatever it is that has wormed inside him and
causes him to be so angry and dark.”
“You . . .” Marian found she could not speak.
Alys and Will?
“He did not touch me.” Alys had begun to pace the small space, curling and uncurling her
fingers. “And I left.”
Absurdly relieved, Marian said, “You were very kind to him.”
“I do not think many are.”
Marian looked at her, wondering, faltering for a moment. “He is the sheriff; he must keep
order in the county,” Alys said. “He has no choice but to uphold the law.”
“Aye, but he does not have to burn the village,” Marian replied flatly. “And he could look
the other way or find some manner of leniency when a woman is terrorized by her
betrothed.”
“And he could allow the outlaw Robin Hood to run free and rob from the nobles?” Alys
said, her voice bitter. “Nay, Nottingham must capture that bandit. Oh, aye . . . he already
has. Has he not?” The arch tone in her voice told Marian that Alys was indeed aware that
Robin Hood was not the prisoner who‟d been presented to the prince. She wondered
briefly on the fact that Alys seemed to be the only other person besides herself—and
Will—who‟d noticed.
“But if he caught Robin, he would hang! And Robin Hood . . . he has tried to do only

good,” Marian argued.
Alys looked at her. “But he is a thief.” Her voice held only rebuke.
“But a good-hearted one, Alys. Not for his personal gain. He shares with the poor—the
villeins who lose their homes because of Nottingham. If not for him, they would starve.
And if Robin had not intervened, that woman would have been hung.”
“I did hear of that.” Alys appeared to sober. “But what is Nottingham to do? He must
uphold the law. He is consigned to do so. Even if he sees the strain on his people.”
“And thus is the importance of Robin Hood‟s actions. He can act where Nottingham
cannot.”
Freezing, the two women looked at each other. Marian saw the comprehension flare in
Alys‟s eyes at the same time she realized what she‟d said. And what it could mean.
“Is it possible . . . ?” Alys trailed off. She shook her head. “Nay, of course not.”
But Marian was thinking the same thing. And she was remembering the times Will had
come upon her and Robin in the woods . . . and in her chamber. The sheriff had made no
real move to capture the outlaw.
And Robin had said, with great confidence, that he would not be caught. On more than
one occasion.
Of course, the two men had known each other long ago.
Had Will not wanted a witness to their meeting in the wood? Was that why he‟d been so
angry at Marian‟s presence—he‟d feared she‟d seen something she should not have?
Had it been more than happenstance that they‟d come upon each other?
And, most damning of all . . . that Robin Hood had once again miraculously escaped from
the sheriff and that a false prisoner had been presented to the prince as the outlaw
himself. In truth, how could such a thing be accomplished without Will‟s help?
“ ‟ Tis absurd,” Marian said, though her voice was filled with wonder, and a smile tickled
the corner of her mouth. The possibility was . . . fascinating. She looked at Alys. “If we
listen and watch carefully, mayhap we‟ll know for certain.” But . . . the prickling of her
skin, the lifting of the hair over the backs of her arms, told her that they had to be right.
“And the queen will soon arrive as well.”
Alys nodded. “Aye. I received a message this morn confirming it. She is on the move,
though the prince doesn‟t know to expect her.”
A weight seemed to lift from Alys‟s shoulders, and her troubled blue eyes grew lighter.
Then they darkened. “But, still, outlaw or no, sanctioned or nay, Robin Hood still cannot
be trusted.”
“I am not so certain of that,” Marian said, her mind still working frantically. “Mayhap . .
.” But she could not risk putting her suspicions into words quite yet.
And she did know that she now had more need of Alys‟s assistance for her plans this
night. “I wanted to talk to you because I am in need of your help once again.”
“The sleeping draught did not work?”
Marian‟s lips twitched. Suddenly . . . suddenly, she felt so much lighter. “I believe I will
need something stronger than a sleeping potion for this night,” she replied. “Something
that will bring a man to his knees as he begs for mercy. And not in a pleasant manner.”
Alys looked at her for a moment, and then understanding dawned. Her eyes narrowed in

thought and then she nodded, her blue irises sparkling. “I know just the thing.”

“Aye, indeed,” John said, leaning ever closer to Marian.
His thick thigh and warm knee brushed against hers, and his elbow seemed to find the
softness of her breast more often than not. She could feel the expectancy, the lust, rolling
off him. It made her stomach tight and the backs of her knees damp.
“Your trick was well played this day, Lady Marian. My mother would have been proud
of your gentle deceit.”
Marian smiled demurely at the prince and looked down at the platter before them. She‟d
been given the dubious honor of sitting at the high table on his right side. For whatever
reason, John had insisted that Will be seated on the other side of Marian. On the prince‟s
left side sat Lady Joanna, proudly wearing the necklet she‟d apparently won during the
festivities the night before. On her left sat Lord Beghely.
Thus, she felt the oily, rich presence of John on one side, and the solid, stoic persona of
the sheriff on her other. Mayhap this very seating arrangement was meant to be a
reminder of her fate, trapped between the two men.
Regardless, Marian had no intention of submitting to John, at the least this night. That he
was intent upon having her to himself had become quite clear in his words and actions, so
much so that she could barely force down any of her meal.
John noticed. “Why do you not eat, my lady?” he murmured, his bristling black mustache
much too close to her cheek, the heavy wine of his breath hot on her skin. “You will need
your strength for this evening.”
“The meat,” she said, gesturing to a platter of boar that John had already begun to
sample. “I do not care for the smell, nor does the taste seem right. Mayhap ‟tis spoiled.”
“Spoiled?” John leaned forward to sniff the piece he‟d speared with his knife. “Nay, ‟tis
not spoiled.” He shoved the bite into his mouth and began to chew rapidly. “But if you do
not wish to eat, then I cannot help it. Mayhap you will drink, then?”
Marian had indeed been sipping the wine offered by the page behind her, but only in
small quantities. Even so, her head felt a bit soft and her body felt loose. She was aware
of every move Will made next to her, though he never touched her, nor spoke to her.
“The meat has a taint to it, my lord,” she said firmly. “I have tasted such in the past and
I‟ve never been wrong. There was a time at Morlaix in which the whole of the house
became ill.”
John snorted and a bit of that very meat flew from between his lips onto the table.
“Nottingham, do you hear this? Does the meat taste rank to you?”
Remembering the way Will had guided her during the chess game in John‟s chamber,
Marian moved her foot very carefully, but swiftly, toward Will. She took great care not to
cause the heavy cloth that covered the table to shift. She pressed her foot against his as
hard as she dared while looking at the prince and his lean cheeks, bulging with victuals.
Fortunately, she saw out of the corner of her eye that Will had just lifted his goblet to
drink, giving him a moment to pause before speaking. “I do not claim to be expert,” he

said as he lowered the cup. He did not move his foot away, to Marian‟s surprise. “But the
meat does have a strange taste.”
“Bah,” said John. “I do not taste it.” He leaned toward Lady Joanna and asked of her the
same question. Her response was unintelligible, but since it was accompanied by giggles
and overt flirtation, Marian did not think the other woman agreed with her.
Marian did not eat any of the meat in question, and she noted that Will did not touch the
remainder of the slice on his trencher. But she dared not look at him and instead focused
on keeping her conversation with the prince light and banal as she hid her apprehension.
The meal was only half-over—that is to say, the meats and breads had been served, but
there were still potatoes, carrots, and beets to follow, as well as fruit tarts—when Marian
became aware of movement under the table.
Something brushed against her legs, bumping near her feet, and she knew it wasn‟t one of
the hounds. It felt too . . . human. Hands, most definitely ... moving along her thighs
beneath the table.
Marian froze, her breath catching in her throat. She carefully looked to her right, toward
Will. The cloth hanging over the table had bunched and moved slightly, and she noted
that he seemed to be holding himself as rigid as she was holding herself.
But now hands were lifting her skirts. Warm fingers eased up along her hose-encased
legs gently, so gently they tickled her sensitive flesh, prickling the skin beneath the thin
fabric . . . and then onto her bare skin at the tops of her thighs.
She knew her eyes had grown wide and that her lips had parted in shock. Clearly it was
not Will who accosted her; he was too still beside her. Nor was it the prince. She dared
not look at John, for from the activity happening beneath the table, bumping and nudging
her leg on the left side, she knew that he was fully involved in his own pursuits. In fact,
the bumping and nudging became a familiar rhythm next to her, and it took little
imagination to confirm that someone had knelt before John and was working his cock in
and out of her mouth. This knowledge, combined with the pressure of the hands on her
legs, pulling them apart, sent a warmth flushing over Marian‟s face.
But whose hands were they?
Next to her, Will had remained completely still, yet she could feel the same sorts of
movements happening on his side. The brush of his leg as it shifted against hers, and the
flush of cool air over her now-bared thighs. The cloth of her undertunic and overgown
had been bunched up in her lap beneath the table, and Marian stifled a little gasp as her
legs were spread wide despite her attempt to keep them closed.
Her knees bumped into the rhythmic legs of the men on either side of her, and something
warm and wet buried itself in the folds of her quim.
She could not move away; she could barely squirm in her seat as the tongue drove
relentlessly into her warmth, tickling and teasing her little pip. Fingers spread her nether
lips wide, and she felt the gentle scrape of teeth over her flesh, followed again by the
strong thrust of a tongue . . . deep. Long, smooth strokes, licking around the inside of her
as if it were a gentle knife spreading soft cheese.
Marian gripped the edge of the table and realized that John had turned to speak to her.
His own eyes held a glassy look of pleasure, and the rhythm between his legs had become

faster and faster.
“And how do you like my little . . . surprise, my lady?” he asked in a strained voice. His
lips stretched in a pleased smile even as a tiny gasp burst from him. “Ohh . . . ,” he said
softly, his eyes fastened on her, still murky with pleasure. Yet there was a dark glint there
that made Marian‟s belly twist.
“I prefer to confine ... such activity . . . ,” she said, working hard to focus on her words,
and not the insistent sleek thrumming between her legs, “. . . to the bedchamber.”
John smiled wide, showing yellow teeth and glistening gums. “That . . . can be . . .
arranged.”
Nauseated, yet flush with warmth and the need to twitch and move, Marian turned away.
The pressure between her legs, the focused tip of a tongue vibrating against her, the
gentle pull of lips . . . she could no longer ignore the delicious torture.
She wanted to free herself . . . but she couldn‟t. Or she needed to close her eyes . . . give
in to the pleasure swarming like warm water over her . . . but she could not. Not here, not
at the front of the hall, where everyone would see.
John might not take great care to hide his lust, but she could not—
A sudden shudder caught her by surprise, and her fingers tightened at the edge of the
table. She needed to move . . . away . . . away from the demanding mouth and tongue that
drove into her, sliding in her sleek warmth, teasing and luring her to a place she did not
want to go.
As her attention skittered, trying to focus somewhere safe, she glanced at Will. His
tanned face was flushed at the cheekbones, and his eyes seemed to be focused
elsewhere—on a tapestry in the corner, mayhap, or even on a flickering torch. Marian
watched him, drawn to the profile of his dark, emotionless face, to the strength of his firm
chin dark with stubble, the full lips flattened in concentration . . . and as her own desire
spiraled higher, she gave in.
She wanted it. She wanted him.
She no longer fought to ignore the slick heat between her legs, the throb of her tight little
pearl . . . and she could not turn away from Will. She watched him as his own pleasure
grew, and knew that she matched it, low and deep.
His cheeks sharpened as if he‟d sucked in his breath, and she felt the faint trembling in
the thigh pressed against her knee . . . and then, as she watched, his eyes fluttered for a
moment, he drew in a short, sharp breath . . . and then, his cheeks flushing darker, he
tensed . . . then silently eased.
The beauty of his harsh face, the controlled intensity, the way his eyelids swept down for
a moment, then up again . . . the gentling of his mouth . . . oh, God . . . made her belly
swirl deeply, then suddenly shoot lower, down, and she let herself go, arching a little
beneath the table.
She may have gasped or closed her eyes, or even sighed. . . . Marian didn‟t know. . . . But
when she came back to herself moments later, no one seemed to have noticed anything.
She felt flushed and warm, and a trickle of sweat trailed down her spine. Her belly had
softened and she still throbbed between her legs . . . but the insistent tongue had retreated.
The demanding hands had moved away. Warmth pulsed gently through her.

And she looked over and saw Will watching her.
Their eyes met and then he tore his away. But not before she saw the truth in their
darkness.
The truth that made her belly burn again with want.

At last, the meal . . . which had seemed to go on much too quickly at first, but then had
slowed to an interminable crawl after John‟s little surprise underneath the table . . . rolled
to an end.
Marian, whose knees had recovered, felt her belly begin to pitch with nervousness. Either
her plan was going to work or she was going to find herself alone with John in that room
with the massive bed, the restraints and whips . . . and the memories of nights past.
Or, worse, in that situation and accused of treason.
Her mouth felt parched, and when she clapped a hand to her belly, the nausea wasn‟t
completely feigned. “I do not feel well, my lord,” she said. It was not difficult to appear
wan and weak. “ ‟ Tis the meat, I am sure of it.”
“Now, my lady, ‟tis no sense in delaying the inevitable,” John told her. Yet, he didn‟t
look as robust as he had appeared earlier. Or mayhap, she only hoped he didn‟t. “ ‟ Tis
not the meat but your fears, methinks. Come, now, and I shall put your worries to rest.”
He offered his arm, and Marian, her belly swirling, took it reluctantly. She felt the weight
of Will‟s stare on her back, but of course she dared not look at him as she straightened
her spine and allowed John to lead her away.
“I feel a bit ill,” Lady Joanna said in a shrill voice. Marian paused, looking back at her in
relief, and noted that the woman‟s face did appear to be a bit pale. Aye, oh, aye!
John turned toward the other lady and Marian took the opportunity to duck slightly and
jam a finger down her throat. As the prince turned back, her belly revolted, and she
upended its contents on the floor, splattering John‟s fine boots.
“Peste!” he exclaimed, stumbling away. His face glowed with annoyance, but Marian
didn‟t care. She just hoped that Alys‟s special decoction would begin to work soon.
At the least it seemed as though Joanna had been affected already, and mayhap the others
would soon follow.
“My pardon, my lord,” Marian said, wiping her mouth with the back of her hand. She
grasped the edge of the table, trying to appear weak. It wasn‟t difficult.
“Your false illness will not keep you from my bed this night,” John hissed, grabbing at
her arm with strong fingers. Yet, a fine sheen glistened over his forehead that Marian
hoped meant he would have his own problems soon enough.
But then Lady Joanna coughed, and became sick in the rushes behind the great table. The
pages leapt away, but the hounds lunged. And in the next moment, Lord Beghely, who
had also eaten of the “tainted” meat, was bending over, retching from the depths of his
belly.
“My lord,” Marian said, “I am sorry. But I—mpph!”
She clapped a hand over her mouth as if she were to vomit again, making the appropriate

gagging noises, and the prince sidestepped her with alacrity. Turning away, she faced
Will, whose countenance had paled beneath his tan. Their eyes caught, and he looked at
her with accusation and fury. She saw the illness in his face, lighting his eyes and making
his skin appear clammy. Realization blazed in his eyes, and fear lurched through her.
Would he accuse her here and now?
By now, there were others in the hall who‟d become ill. The excuse of the tainted meat
seemed to have taken hold, for Marian heard others speaking of the odd taste of the
boar‟s meat . . . despite the fact that she knew for certain that it was only a bit of boar‟s
meat that had been tainted.
Only a particular hunk of that cut had been shared among the high table and a few rows
below it. But the power of suggestion was strong, and the sight, smells, and sounds of
illness tended to raise the same in other spectators.
Of the residents of the hall, only the hounds were in their glory.
“ ‟ Tis the meat!” John said, as if it were his own realization. He appeared pale and weak,
and when he gagged, Marian lurched away, bumping into the solid arm of Will.
The sheriff too appeared ill, but he did not bend to empty his belly as the others. Marian
assumed it was because he had ceased eating the tainted meat after her gentle warning.
Thus it was with great relief that, moments later, Marian watched a weakened John,
doubled over in pain, being escorted from the hall by two of his men. From what Alys
had told her about the decoction made from the herb called broom, the illness would soon
manifest itself from both the upper and nether regions of the prince . . . and others.
“What have you done?” Will asked fiercely, grabbing Marian‟s arm and yanking her
away from the crowd, toward a corner of the hall. The sheen of sweat had grown on his
forehead, and now dampened his cheeks. “You have committed treason!”
“Nay,” she hissed back, pulling away. “No one will die. ‟Tis only a brief illness, just
enough . . .” Her voice caught. “Just enough to keep him at bay for a night. Will . . .” She
looked up at him, even about to reach for him, when he pulled back. This response, after
her confused and varied feelings today, sparked a bit of anger. “At the least, your Alys
tells me it will not cause but a day‟s worth of illness.”
“Alys?”
“Aye. Alys.” Marian glared up at Will, fully aware of the damp wall behind her and his
looming person in front of her. The bitterness of vomit lingered in the back of her mouth
and she swallowed hard.
Just then, his face changed, and he spun away, heaving the contents of his belly into the
corner. Braced against the wall by his splayed fingers, he lifted his face to shoot her a
furious look as he swiped the back of a hand across his mouth. “Get you from me,
madwoman,” he whispered. “And pray that John does not learn of your perfidy.”
Marian stepped aside, still watching him, and then turned and fled when he spun back to
the corner, his body convulsed by the illness. For the first time, she wondered if Alys
could be trusted. What if she hadn‟t known what she was doing?
What if she‟d given her poison for the prince?
What if she‟d poisoned Will?
Marian hurried from the hall and made her way up the stairs to her chamber. Ethelberga,

for a wonder, was there . . . although she was not alone.
“Get up!” Marian ordered, rushing past the two figures writhing on the maid‟s pallet and
into her chamber. She‟d told them to wait for her here, not to attempt to add to the
world‟s population. Ethelberga‟s companion was one of the steward‟s sons. He would
also be able to lead Marian to the dungeon gaol.
By the time Ethelberga extricated herself from the young man, Marian had yanked off her
vomit-splattered overgown and was unlacing the side of her tight-fitting bliaud.
The maid rushed to her side and quickly helped divest her of the undergown and her
sagging hose as her mistress drank watered wine to wash the bitter bile from her mouth.
Moments later, Marian was dressed again, this time in a simple kirtle. She‟d cleansed her
face and hands with violet water. In the loose-fitting gown, tied only with a leather girdle
and new hose beneath it, she felt more comfortable. And she thought the less-formal
attire would make her less noticeable as well.
Ethelberga hid any impatience she might have had to return to her evening‟s engagement,
and worked through Marian‟s braids to loosen the intricate coiffure. Once she had, she
gathered Marian‟s locks at the nape of her neck, twisted the mass of hair, and tied it into a
large loose knot, leaving the rest to hang down her mistress‟s back.
“I will take your wrap,” Marian said, speaking of an old fox-lined cloak of dark blue that
she‟d given her maid some time ago. It had a deep hood and would serve to hide her face
well. “If anyone should ask for me, I am ill and cannot rise from my bed. Do not allow
anyone to enter.”
Marian then piled a good amount of pillows and clothes under the blankets of her bed so
that if anyone should defy her maid, or peer through the horse-eye peephole on his way to
the garderobe, he would believe she slept there.
She made Ethelberga‟s lover peer out into the passageway first to ensure that no one was
about. No one was, which was not surprising, as some of the women were likely still
emptying their bellies in the hall, and the others were certainly hovering around them,
offering assistance.
The garderobes would be busy this night.
Marian hurried silently through the passage behind her guide, and down the stairs that led
to the hall. More than a few diners remained in the great chamber, and the serfs bustled
about clearing away the remnants of the meal. Her guide took her past them to the back
stairwell leading to the dungeon, and showed her the dark passage.
“Shall I go wi‟ ye, my lady?” he asked.
“Nay,” Marian told him. “I will carry this torch. You must return to Ethelberga and
entertain her.” She gave him a silver coin, and when he hurried off, she turned to the
darkness that yawned before her.
Down, down, down she‟d go.
She must see this prisoner, this purported Robin Hood, and, if he was somehow an
innocent pawn in a game of the prince and sheriff, find a way to help free him. She must
act quickly, while the prince and the sheriff were ill, for she wanted no witnesses to her
task.
Her torch cast flickering lights and eerie shadows that followed her down the long,

curving stairwell. The walls gleamed damp with sweat and lichen, and the scent of rat
droppings and stale air filled her nose. She‟d pulled the hood so far up over her face that
she had to turn her head to look to the side, and the wrap‟s hem draped silently down the
steps behind her.
At the bottom, she was met with a gray stone wall and two choices of direction. The
steward‟s son had told her he believed that the new prisoner was held in the last chamber
to the right, so Marian turned that way. Her torch exposed a long, dark passage with
barred doors along one side.
The sounds of little scrabbling paws, the drip-drop of water, and the stench of death and
darkness consumed her. Marian continued on, gripping the torch, determined to get this
over with as quickly as possible. She wasn‟t certain how she‟d release the man once she
found him, but she‟d figure that out when the time was right.
At the end of the passage, she found the fourth and final chamber did indeed hold the
man who‟d been taken off the archery field today, the one who‟d been snared in some
sort of rope trap in the wood. The one who was supposed to be Robin Hood. She
identified him in the low light as the new prisoner because he was the only one of the
inmates who looked up and appeared to be aware of his surroundings, and because she
recognized his clothing.
When she paused at his imprisoning bars, casting the light more fully between them, he
pulled to his feet and limped toward her. At this close range, she immediately recognized
him, and despite the iron studs between them, she stepped back in surprise. The prisoner
was one of the desperate men who‟d attacked her the day of the boar hunt, when Robin
had come to her rescue.
Will told her he and his men had found some of the outlaws in that band. . . . Either this
man was one of those who‟d been captured before, or he had been caught today. Either
way, he was no innocent man or unfortunate villein used as a scapegoat.
He growled at her, rattling the bars, but she turned away, heart skipping with relief and
alarm. The clanging iron studs echoed like a fury in the silence, sending uncomfortable
jitters up her spine. Could anyone abovestairs hear it? Would the noise call a guard or
man-at-arms down to investigate?
And then, as if a signal to the other inmates, the ratcheting, rocking noise drew them from
their stupors to rock their own gates of iron. Soon the dim, damp passage was filled with
the horrible sounds, the desperate bids for release and freedom, exuding anger and
despair.
Head ducked, hood falling forward, she rushed back toward the stairs, using the torch to
light her way as her heart pounded. Just as she reached the stairwell, she found her path
blocked by a pair of large black boots standing in a shallow puddle at its base. Marian‟s
heart thudded and at first she didn‟t look up, afraid that she would be recognized and
John would learn that she was not ill at all this night. She would have slipped past him—
or tried to do so—but his words stopped her.
“Have you thus assured yourself he belongs in captivity?” Will‟s voice lashed out, low
but nevertheless rising above the clamoring that filled her ears.
Marian looked up, her torch held so that the light illuminated his visage from below. His

eyes were in shadow, and his dark, whiskered jaw and mouth fully alight.
That mouth was pressed in the firm line, an expression that had become so familiar to
her, that disparaging, annoyed, tightly controlled look. As the cacophony reverberated
around them, he grabbed her arm and began to tow her up the stairs. She managed to grab
her hems in one hand to keep from tripping, while the other still held the torch.
“Will,” she said, speaking the first thing that popped into her mind. “You aren‟t ill?”
“Not any longer. I give no gratitude to you for that good fortune.” He stopped on one of
the wider triangular steps at a curve in the stairs, leaving the metallic clamoring below as
nothing more than a distant echo. With a sharp movement, he shoved the hood from her
head, leaving her without a place to hide. “You thought I‟d imprisoned an innocent man.”
Marian felt the rough stone against her, its chill seeping through the sleeve of her light
kirtle. She still brandished the torch, lifting it higher now between them, casting his face
in better light. “What else would I think?” she returned. “A man who would burn the
homes of poor villagers would not hesitate to incarcerate a man simply because it pleased
him to do so. Would he?”
“Nay, he would not.” He stared down at her, eyes dark and fathomless, and Marian felt
something shift . . . as if the world had fractured, and then righted itself, but in a slightly
different way. Her chest felt tight and she found it difficult to swallow.
“Will,” she began, but he cut her off.
“If John learns what you‟ve done, your punishment won‟t be confined to his chambers
and his bed. Do you not understand that?”
“What is it that I have done?” Marian asked calmly. Her heartbeat thudded harsh and
strong through her body. Her palms dampened, and she felt . . . odd.
“You tainted the meat,” Will said in a low, seething voice.
“There is no proof. And why would the finger point to me? Was I not the one who first
complained that the meat was rank? Was I not the first to become ill? Did I not warn the
prince?”
Though she‟d not thought it possible, Will‟s lips tightened even further. Now the only
part that showed was white with tension. “If anyone dies, Marian, you know what will
happen. Particularly if something befalls the prince.”
Marian resisted the urge to reply that she and much of England would find it no great loss
if John were to slip into an early grave, but she did not. “Alys has assured me that no one
will die,” she replied. “After all, the draught she pressed upon you did not kill you.” She
looked up at him, watching for something in his face. But it remained harsh and
unyielding, without that flash of vulnerability and softness she‟d seen earlier at the table.
At the memory—the image of his eyes fluttering and the smooth control of his face as he
sighed with release—a flush of warmth surprised her, blushing up from her throat. Her
belly shifted, deep and low. She wanted to see that in his face again. And she wanted to
be the cause of his release.
“Why did you do it?” he demanded, standing as far away from her as the step would
allow.
“But you must know why,” she burst out, one hand shifting to reach for him, then falling
to her side. “Will.”

He crossed his arms as if to ward her off, to keep the distance between them. “And what
of the morrow? And the night after that? And after that? You cannot think to hold him off
forever—or do you plan to make your escape into Sherwood? To go to Locksley?”
“Nay,” Marian told him. “I‟ll not go to Locksley.” She held his eyes for a beat, a long
heartbeat, and then she looked away.
For a moment, she contemplated telling him what Alys had said—that the queen would
arrive within the sennight—but she held back. She had suspicions, but she did not yet
know for certain where his loyalties lay. “I know ‟tis only time until I find myself with
John, but if I can delay it for a night or so . . . I shall. I have no desire to submit to him.”
He stepped away at that, down one step, as if she‟d shoved him back. “Should I count
myself fortunate that you didn‟t see fit to poison me as well?”
Marian simply looked at him. Though he stood a level below her now, more than an
arm‟s length away, she still had to lift her face to see him. The torch‟s flames tangled up
inside themselves, softening his marble features with wavering light. “Why did you burn
those houses, Will? Why did you do it?”
“Why not? Is it no more than is expected of the Sheriff of Nottinghamshire? Senseless
cruelty in order to prove my power over those weaker than me?”
“Why did you burn them?”
“They were old and falling down, hardly worth keeping,” he said with a sneer. “I merely
helped them get rid of the useless structures.”
“And Robin Hood has already begun to assist them to rebuild.”
“A paragon of virtue, Locksley.”
Marian pursed her lips. She‟d seen the cracks in his expression; she‟d recognized the
quickly obscured pain in his eyes. The backs of her shoulders prickled with awareness.
She was close to the truth. “You met with Robin in the woods.”
She didn‟t see him draw up and back, for it was the slightest change in his demeanor . . .
but she felt it.
“What do you mean?”
“I saw you together. You made no move to capture him. What would John say if he knew
this?”
“What are you suggesting, Marian?”
She‟d never heard his voice so soft . . . barely a whisper. As if he could only force the
words out on a breath.
“You‟ve been protecting Robin. And thus he goes behind you, cleaning up the dung you
create on the orders of the prince—in exchange for his freedom. Is that it, Will?”
“Marian, you speak treason.” Again, quietly. With a whisper of disbelief. “I am beholden
to my liege. Do you not impose such dishonor on me.”
“Your liege, you say. But who is that, the king . . . or the prince?”
“Richard, of course. Always Richard. ‟Tis an insult to say otherwise. But John acts in
Richard‟s name, and I cannot avoid that.”
Marian simply looked at him. His eyes held hers, and the argument, the tension, between
them stretched and changed into something deeper.
“Marian . . .” Her name came out on a low whisper, laced with anguish . . . and anger.

Her stomach did a somersault as he reached for her. Not gently, not as his voice would
have implied, but roughly. Strong fingers curled into her arms, not painfully, but not
easily either. Then one hand moved, plucking the torch from hers. He tossed it down so
that it rolled three steps below them, away from the hem of her skirt, resting harmlessly
on the stone.
Its weakened flame danced tall shadows and a muted glow up around them as he dragged
her against his chest. His fingers bit into the backs of her shoulders as he bowed toward
her, his mouth covering hers as she lifted her face to meet it.
At first, she felt the desperation and drive in his kiss, the harshness. Was he trying to
frighten her with brutality?
Yet after a moment, his lips softened, and he sagged against her, gathering her body up
into his, loosening his grip on her torso. His mouth was no longer flat and hard but
sensual and hot, his tongue sweeping the inside of her mouth as though he must taste
every bit of her.
Dizzy, huddled against him, Marian closed her eyes, smelled his smoky, clean smell, felt
the impossible breadth of his shoulders beneath her fingers, the pounding of his heart
under her palms. She tasted wine and spice in his mouth, the soft sensual swipe of his lips
as they slipped and slid and formed to hers, over and over.
Oh, aye. Oh, aye.
Except in her dreams, only once before had he kissed her . . . that first night in the hall,
when he placed his claim on her. But this was nothing like that unemotional taking. This
was hot and lovely, bringing her body alive and awake, making her breathless and weak.
Just as she was about to slip from the upper step into him, to lean fully against his strong
body, he pulled back and fairly shoved her away. His eyes wild and dark in the sketchy
light, his lips parted, breathing as if he‟d just run a league, he stepped back, down, away.
“Get you away from me, Marian. Go.” Will‟s voice was terrible. Low, but filled with
loathing that matched the expression in his eyes. “Now.”
“Will,” she began, trying to collect her thoughts, wanting to drag him back down to her—
but then he startled her, striding up the steps, brushing past her and ascending into the
darkness above.
“Leave me be.” The command filtered down to her, and the sound of his boots scraping
against the gritty stone faded.
Knees weak, breathing rushed and harsh, she leaned against the wall for a moment, trying
to catch her breath, to assimilate the sudden change in him: from a moment of sleek
passion to one of . . . disgust.
Aye, but not merely disgust.
Fear.
It had been both that sent him away, fear and loathing. There‟d been real terror in his
eyes, mingling with revulsion.
She held her skirts out of the way and stepped down to reach for the foundering torch.
When she lifted it, the flames tipped upright and caught more strongly. Marian hurried up
the steps, her knees trembling, her fingers bracing against the gritty, damp stone, but her
breathing better controlled. She wasn‟t certain why he‟d thrust her away and run. . . . It

couldn‟t be that she disgusted him, could it? No, she remembered all too well his words: I
do not deny ’twould please me greatly.
Nay, she did not think he found her abhorrent. He might prefer sweet, delicate Alys, or
sensual, catlike Pauletta, but he was not disgusted by her. That she knew for certain.
She hurried up the stairs, and at the top of them, she came out into the darkened great
hall. A few low rumbling snores met her ears, and she recognized several shapes of men
slumped over the tables, well asleep. But no tall, broad-shouldered sheriff.
Disappointed, she began to walk into the hall when a shadow detached itself from the
wall at the head of the stairs. “Lady Marian.”
She didn‟t recognize the voice and reared back a bit, her heart pounding unpleasantly.
Lifting her torch toward him, she demanded, “Who is it?”
The man stepped into her torchlight and she recognized one of Will‟s men-at-arms.
“Nottingham directed me to escort you safely to your chamber,” he said with a little bow.
Marian‟s mouth tightened. So he had truly run away, and left one of his own men to see
to her.
What she did not know was whether ‟twas cowardice or disgust that had the Sheriff of
Nottinghamshire shirking his duty.

Will watched from deep in the shadows as Merle escorted Marian from the hall.
To his overwhelming relief, she did not appear to be overset. There were no tear streaks
on her cheeks, and although she‟d started when Merle appeared in front of her, there was
no terror on her face. He‟d not torn at her clothing, nor pulled her hair down.
Not that he could recall anything but her taste and softness, and his own great need, once
he pulled Marian against him. A whirl of pleasure and comfort, and, damn him, hope. A
moment of hope.
By the saints, his fingers still shook. His lips still throbbed from their assault on her lush
pink ones. His cock felt as though it were ready to explode, as if it were as hot as the
smith‟s iron.
Yet a great emptiness left him cold and brittle. A familiar feeling, but more acute this
night.
If he‟d not come to his senses, he‟d have rutted her against the wall right there. Like a
whore—the whore he‟d watched her—nay, forced her—to become. But this time it would
have been without the bloody, lickspittle prince watching over them.
Will brought a shaking hand over his face. Was he going mad?
He‟d protected her as well as he could, and damn him if he was actually considering
ways to keep John from her. Forceful ways.
Treasonous ways.
Where was Richard? He‟d heard naught from the king for three moons, after having
regular missives and directives. Watch you over my brother. Do what you must to gain
his trust. Become his closest ally. What you do, you do in loyalty to Us, and We will know
this.

But for so long there‟d been naught from the king. Had he forgotten his loyal man? Left
him to live a life where all thought the worst of him, where he‟d destroyed any chance of
having the woman he loved?
Will swallowed hard, refusing to taste the bile that still churned in his belly. There was
naught left to erupt but the worst of it, the acidic bitters that stung throat and mouth.
He‟d believed there‟d never be anything as glorious as having her, at last. And then, in all
her lush, gold-brushed beauty, arched over the barrel, he could no longer find a way to
avoid it.
Or so he told himself.
If he had not done so, John would have. And Ralf.
Or so he told himself.
‟Twas better that he violated her than John. Or the others.
Was it not?
Or had he merely lied to himself about that too?
I don’t wish any of this—you or the prince or even to be here at Ludlow. Are you mad? I
wish for none of this!
Those words burned into his brain, haunted his dreams even as he took and coaxed from
her in the murkiness of sleep, in the deepest part of the night, in the depths of his mind.
Those words wakened him in the blackness, leaving him dank with sweat and ripe with
shame.
Will. Please.
He swallowed, hearing the low scratch of his throat convulsing, and scrubbed a hand over
his face. When he removed it, he noticed quite by accident a lithe shadow moving across
the nearly empty hall.
The slender shadow was a woman, and she appeared to be following a taller, more solid
figure. A furtive one. If Will had not recognized the cloak she wore, or found the figure
familiar in its shape and movement, he may not have investigated. But he knew who it
was, and he eased from the shadows.
This caused her to stop in her tracks, rearing back at first in fear. But then she must have
identified him, for she eased her stance. “Nottingham,” said Lady Alys. “Is there
something I can do for you?”
He glanced into the darkness where Alys‟s presumed guide had melted into the shadows.
He suspected he knew who it was. “Back out to the village again, to visit the sick?” he
asked.
Her eyelids flickered. “Aye.”
He noticed she carried a sack that bulged awkwardly. Presumably, she carried either her
medicines or her personal belongings. “Did I not offer you escort—nay, did I not insist
that I provide you with a man to ensure your safety if you were thus called again?”
“Aye, my lord, but I have my own escort. I‟ll come to no harm this night.” Again, her
eyes flickered toward the shadows.
He recognized this gesture as her nervous sense of urgency, but he was not quite ready to
allow her to pass. Not until he had his own concerns allayed. In an effort to keep his next
words indistinguishable to anyone but Alys, he moved closer, but took care not to block

the light from an overhead sconce. He wanted a clear view of her face.
“You are a healer,” he said, looking at her with unrelenting eyes. “Will the tainted meat
cause harm to anyone?”
At once he saw that she understood what he knew, and what worried him. “Nay, my
lord,” she said, reaching to close her fingers briefly onto his wrist. “I give you my word.
No real ill will come of the tainted meat. Aye, some discomfort, but that is the most of it.
I swear it.” She lifted a silver filigree crucifix from under her neckline, clasping her
fingers about it in oath.
He searched her eyes, and saw them completely bereft of guile . . . and filled with
something like understanding. Will stepped back, hooding his gaze from her knowing
one, and nodded. “Aye, then, Lady Alys. You have put my fears to rest. Now, may I
escort you through the bailey, at the least.”
His words were not a request but a command. And when she acquiesced, he had a clearer
glimpse of her guide, who‟d thus far remained in the shadows. But as they walked
through the hall and out into the bailey, the other man passed beneath a torch such that
Will was able to see his face.
He recognized him at once: Allan-a-Dale.
A companion of Locksley.

CHAPTER 15
“Is he badly hurt?” Alys asked as the man led her through the darkness.
She didn‟t know his name. She‟d awakened to her maid‟s gentle shaking, and gone out to
see the man, who‟d said only, “We need your assistance, lady healer. Will you come?”
She‟d risen hastily. She knew him to be Robin Hood‟s companion, for she‟d seen him
during her short captivity in the tree hideaway. Some of her salves and herbs were
already in the bag, but she shoved more in, along with a sharp knife and some clean linen
cloth. Without knowing the nature of the problem they had called her to help with, she
knew she must be as prepared as she could.
Outside the keep, her guide, who at last told her his name was Allan, walked quickly.
Besides offering his name, he spoke not at all, and expected her to keep pace with him.
She wasn‟t certain whether it was because he did not care that her legs were shorter or
because he was in a great hurry to return, but she had trouble doing so.
“Did you fetch me for Robin?” she asked finally.
“Aye,” he said, responding to her question. “We can do naught more, and he has lost
much blood. The arrow slid betwixt two ribs beneath his breast and he has not been able
to breathe since. ‟Tis broken off inside.”
Alys increased her pace, deeply worried. “Does he sound wet when he breathes?” she
asked.
“Aye, as though he is breathing through water.”
Nay. Oh, nay, that was not good. Alys‟s heart sank. “Does he speak?”

“Nay. He makes no response.”
A pang struck her deep in the belly. Robin could die. He likely would. There was naught
she or any leech or healer could do if the chest was pierced and the breathing was wet.
And with a piece of arrow lodged within . . .
Alys drew in a deep breath, walking as quickly as her short legs would allow, her hems
dragging along ground still damp from recent rain. She‟d not even paused to braid her
hair, merely tied it with a loose thong.
Nay. Not Robin. Not bold, foolish, grinning Robin. Robin of the kind heart and overgreat
thoughts of himself. Nay.
She began to pray.
Allan led her quickly across the bridge from the bailey, down into the street of the
village. Had he not brought a horse? Must they walk far into the wood? It would be hours
before they arrived, and his life could be slipping away. . . . They must go faster.
A shadow pulled away from the darkness in front of them, and transformed into a man
leading a horse.
“Alys,” he said as they came nearer.
“Robin?” She could not contain the leap of relief, and . . . joy. “You are not hurt?”
“Nay. Not I. I told Allan to fetch you for me, for one of my men. You came.” Gone
tonight was the playful smile, the eyes gleaming with humor. Robin was sober and
serious, cloaked in a dark wrap that added to his austerity.
She understood now the mistake she had made when Allan had spoken. “Aye, of course,”
she said, moving toward him. She felt nothing but an odd relief beneath her continuing
apprehension.
“We will go faster on the horse,” he said, as if asking permission to lift her into the
saddle. His behavior was so subdued, so respectful . . . yet she sensed his underlying
urgency.
“Aye, let us go quickly,” she agreed.
He lifted her into the saddle and vaulted in behind her, settling his thighs about hers and
his arms around her as he reached for the reins.
“Why did you send Allan for me?” she asked. “Why did you not come yourself?”
Why did you allow me to think ’twas you who lay dying?
“When last we met, you warned me never to come to you again. I did not wish to chance
that you would call the sheriff or the prince‟s men down upon me. This night, I had no
time to waste. Fergus is dying.” His voice remained stiff and cool, and his arms
impersonal. There was no gentle brushing against her, or surreptitious fingers over her
breasts or thighs.
Not even the thought of a kiss in his glance.
Alys‟s mind was a whirlwind of thoughts. He had taken her at her word. He‟d stayed
away because she ordered him to, and came to her only when his friend was in dire need.
Why did she suddenly feel empty and bereft? She wanted naught to do with the outlaw.
Didn‟t she?
But she was very aware of his presence behind and about her. And her relief when she
saw him standing there, uncertain yet hale and well, had shocked her. Pure joy that, for a

moment, had knocked away the urgency to get to the injured man.
“Hold tight,” Robin murmured into her ear, one arm closing around her belly. The horse
bolted forward, leaving the village behind and tearing into the dark forest.
Alys closed her eyes and tried not to whimper. She could see very little of the half-moon
once they entered the wood, for the trees were thick and they were going so very fast.
Robin‟s torso felt solid and steady behind her, and his legs in their tight braies kept her
from tipping or sliding.
The stallion leapt and bounded and Alys clutched its mane, turning her face away so that
her cheek brushed Robin‟s cloak and her hood protected her face. A stick scratched her
arm, and another caught at her hood and in her hair, but they kept on, Robin shifting
forward or to the side to avoid as much of the brush as possible.
At last she felt him draw back on the reins and even before they were fully stopped, he
slipped from the saddle. Strong hands pulled her down, and she found herself faced with
the same rope ladder up which she‟d been taken as a prisoner by the massive John Little.
This time, she hauled up her skirts, tucking them into her girdle, and climbed up quickly.
The ladder swayed as Robin followed. Alys closed her eyes—for she could see little, as it
was dark—and felt her way to the top. The soft rhythmic creaking of the rope against
bark and wood guided her closer to the opening in the floor above.
Inside, she found it to be even worse than she‟d feared. John Little and Will Scarlet, two
of Robin‟s other comrades, sat on small stools. The friar, whose tonsure gleamed in the
candlelight as he bent his head, held prayer beads and seemed to be blessing the young
man with some sort of aromatic salve. He made a cross on his forehead, and the scent of
myrrh wafted through the room.
“The healer is come,” Robin said. “Make you space for her.”
Alys went to Fergus‟s side and even in the dim light from the five candles, she saw death
in the color of his face. Placing a gentle hand on his chest, she felt for his breathing, and
could discern the heaviness of its movement. It was slow, rough, and damp.
Peeling away the shirt that had been cut through in an attempt to remove the arrow, she
looked at the wound. Someone had cleaned it as well as possible, and had even placed an
herbal poultice on it. She recognized the smells of woad and hyssop.
“Good,” she said, gesturing to the injury and the drying poultice. “I would have done so
as well.” She looked at Robin. Her breath caught for a moment as she realized how
beautiful his eyes were. Something she‟d never noticed before. “But I do not think ‟twill
be enough.”
His face tight, he knelt next to her. “I feared you would say that. There is naught to be
done?”
She shook her head. “Only to pray for him to go peacefully.”
Their eyes met and she felt her breath hitch again as she was caught by his deep blue
gaze.
Then he looked away and stood abruptly. “Allan, take her back. There is naught she can
do.”
“Nay.” Alys reached for him, fingers around his wrist. It was narrower and more elegant
than Nottingham‟s. And she felt a slender thong of leather encircling it.

He looked at her again, sorrow and apprehension in his eyes. But naught else. Nothing for
her.
“I wish to stay,” she said. And as those words left her lips, she realized that she meant
them.
In more ways than one.

The sun was bringing glorious pink and orange light to the world when Fergus FitzHugh
breathed his last.
Alys had remained silent, kneeling in a corner of the tree house, dozing a bit during the
vigil. She‟d divided her time between that, praying for the soul of the young man, and
watching Robin. Trying to understand why she felt such relief when she‟d learned he
wasn‟t the injured party, while she felt remorse but no real grief for the one who was. She
despised him for his lawless ways, did she not? She thought him a fool and a scoundrel.
Yet . . . her conversation with Marian rang in her head.
He does what Nottingham cannot.
Was it true? Was Robin working with the sheriff?
One thing was certain: she now saw a different side of the outlaw. One whose empathy
and concern for his friend shone through, and where he did not sully it with silly flirtation
or boastful claims.
He did not acknowledge her presence, and after she announced her intention of staying,
he spared her not another look.
When the boy‟s body was empty of its life and soul, the friar and John Little wrapped
him in a cloth and carried him down from the tree. Robin and the others followed, leaving
Alys without a backward glance.
She watched them go, sending prayers with them, and contemplated her choice. She
could stay here, or slip back to the keep. She could find her way through the forest, for
the keep‟s tallest tower peeped over the tops of the trees and would give her direction.
Clearly, Robin cared not whether she stayed or left.
But something compelled her to remain. Mayhap it was the memory of the kiss she‟d
shared with him . . . the kisses. Or mayhap she merely wished to ask him about
Nottingham.
Alys cleared away the remnants of the sickbed, taking the bloodied, soiled linens and
adding them to the fire. They would not come clean, and no one would wish to sleep on
death‟s blankets. She found more blankets and a few furs in a small trunk and arranged
them on the pallet. She could send for more of her own linens back at the keep if
necessary.
This thought halted her for a moment. She didn‟t mean to stay here. What would the
queen say?
Nay, but she could share her comforts. She had enough in her trunks at Ludlow to furnish
half the village.
The idea settled over her and Alys felt her skin prickle. Robin could distribute them if she

gave them to him. He would do it, and he would not have to steal.
To take away the scent of loss, she added a handful of lavender leaves to the kettle of
water simmering over the fire and tidied up the room and the four other pallets strewn
about. She found a broom and swept the floor, having a moment‟s pause about the events
of supper the night before. This broom‟s bristles were made of stiff straw and fine sticks,
very different from the one she used in the herbary.
That one had been made with bristles of the herb called broom, which was commonly
used for such an implement. It was also, conveniently, a medicinal plant used to help
flush bad humors from the body, and it was that plant that she‟d used to make the
decoction for Marian last evening. By now, the prince and his companions should have
flushed all the bad humors from their bodies and be sleeping quietly.
She hoped Marian had appreciated the reprieve.
No sooner had Alys replaced the broom and thought to look for a bite of cheese or piece
of bread to break her fast than she heard sounds below.
The men had returned.
Her heart picked up speed and her stomach swished like a serf woman washing clothes,
but she resisted the urge to rush to the window and look down. If Robin was there, he was
there. If he was not, she would decide what to do then.
The now-familiar sound of the rope ladder creaking against the wood announced the
arrival of someone, and Alys busied herself by stirring the fire. Then stirring the lavender
water, releasing its clean, soothing scent into the air.
And not looking toward the hole in the floor from where a head would soon appear.
The sound of boots on clean-swept wood made soft, padding thumps instead of quiet
grinding noises. The hair at the base of her neck prickled.
“I will take you back now.”
She was at once grateful that ‟twas the voice of Robin and not one of his men sent to do
the task, and yet wounded that his first thought was to take her away.
But why would it not be? Had she not made it clear to him, more than once, that she
despised him? That she would do whatever she must to bring the sheriff down upon him?
She turned and noted immediately that they were alone. The forest was silent around
them. Below, and here among the trees, the only noise was the rustle of leaves brushing
the walls of the hideaway and the regular conversation among the grackles and sparrows.
“I‟m sorry for your loss.”
His eyes flickered over her, then fell away. “I did not expect you to be here when I
returned.”
“Robin.” Her fingers were shaking and her stomach fluttered, and she didn‟t know why.
“Shall we go? I must confess, I do not wish to take you farther than the edge of the
village, Alys. I‟m certain you‟ll understand why. But—”
“Robin,” she said again, more urgently. “I see no need to call Nottingham down upon you
if you and he have an agreement. He‟ll do naught but look the other way regardless.”
Now she saw emotion in his face for the first time. Understanding and a sharpened
stance. “What are you speaking of?”
“Robin . . . is that your true name?”

“Aye.”
“You and the sheriff have been working together, have you not?”
He moved away from the hole in the floor, and began to pull up the rope ladder rapidly.
Without speaking, he bundled it into a corner and closed the trapdoor. At last he looked
up from his crouch, capturing her with blue eyes. The sparkle was not there, the gleam of
humor . . . but there was admiration. And wariness. “And you have come to determine
this how?”
“Marian and I have exchanged thoughts on the matter. ‟Tis the only explanation that
makes sense.”
“And so now that you believe I am . . . legitimate? Is that the word? Now that you believe
I am legitimate, you suddenly no longer despise me? You are willing to be here without
crying down the whole of the prince‟s army upon me?” His words lashed out, bitter and
rapid. “Simply because Nottingham blesses me?”
Wounded by his attack, Alys stood firm, refusing to allow tears of anger to gather in her
eyes. “You brought me here.”
“You could have left. But now you are naught more than the other ladies, aren‟t you,
Alys? The danger, the intrigue . . . all of that has attracted you against your will, but now
that you see I am no danger to you, that I am sanctioned by Nottingham, now ‟tis all right
for you to come to me.” Disgust lined his face, yet hurt limned his eyes. She recognized it
for what it was, and it gave her the courage to speak honestly. For the first time.
“Robin, the truth is . . . I could not forget you. Even when I believed the worst of you.
Why do you think I had such a . . . violent reaction?”
His eyes measured her and he rose to his feet, somehow much closer to her than he was
moments ago. “I‟ve lost a dear friend this day, Alys. I have not thanked you for coming
and for being honest. But you must go back to Ludlow now.”
“Why?”
“Because if you do not, I cannot guarantee that my actions toward you will be
honorable.”
That confession, laced with a sort of despair, caused a huge warm bubble to burst inside
her. Before she knew what she was doing, she stepped toward him, her fingers curling
into his warm tunic, pulling him to her.
With a soft groan, Robin released himself from the frozen stance he‟d assumed. His
mouth crashed into hers as she lifted her face to meet it.
Ah, glorious. If she‟d had any lingering doubt, it was banished by the wash of warmth
and desire, of rightness, that flooded through her—from the tips of her fingers to the
center of her being.
But Robin stepped back, thrusting her away. “Alys, you must go.”
“Nay,” she said, aware that her breathing had grown faster, and how his sudden absence
left her utterly cold and bereft.
“Then I will leave, and John Little will escort you back.” He turned and crouched to lift
the trapdoor by its heavy leather strap.
Alys moved quickly and stepped onto the wooden plank. “Robin.” She stood there until
he was forced to look up at her, and when he did, the burning in his eyes sent another

flash of desire through her.
“If you do not move, I cannot guarantee you will stay a maid,” he said. “Please. Alys, do
not—” He swallowed and turned away.
She ignored his impassioned plea and moved closer so that the hem of her gown, edged
with dirt and mud, brushed over his fingers and covered the toe of his boot. His bent knee
pressed into the fall of her skirt, pushing it against her calf.
Alys felt a rush of power when she saw the desperation in his eyes, when she recognized
how conflicted he was. Yet her knees trembled as she stood there; her palms grew damp.
Slowly, she moved, pulling free the string that tied her hair back and tossing it aside.
Shaking her head, she combed her fingers through the long curling tresses, teasing them
forward over her shoulders. “Then I shall wear my hair as a maid one last time.”
“Alys.” His voice was choked, yet he did not move except to look down. “I cannot. . . .”
But his voice trailed off when she took a deep breath and reached forward to touch the
top of his head, weaving her fingers into the warmth of his thick hair, sliding them around
to cup the bottom of his chin, feeling the prickle of growth there and the wild pulse
thumping in his neck.
Then she released him and began to gather up the bulk of her gown, lifting it, raising it
quickly before she changed her mind . . . before she realized the madness . . . and pulled
it up and over her head.
Robin gasped audibly and kept his face turned away, his gaze trained on the floor. But
she suspected that he must now see her slippered feet in their cotton hose in the stead of a
muddied hem cascading over it. And if he looked up, he would see her simple sleeping
kirtle that ended just above her ankles, and which she now removed in another flurry of
cloth.
“Alys.” He said her name with reverence, and at last looked up. “Have you lost your
senses?”
“Mayhap,” she replied, cradling his chin with her hands again, only a breath away from
her bare belly. “But I swear I will become fully crazed if you do not smile at the woman
who loves you.”
And that, it seemed, was the proper thing to say. For like the sun‟s sudden rise over the
horizon, spilling light as if a pair of shutters had been thrown wide, Robin‟s face
transformed. He smiled at her. The gleam she was used to seeing in his gaze had
returned, and the roguish grin, the crinkles at the corners of his eyes. “I should be even
more a fool than I already am to ignore such a threat.”
Then he looked away from her face and moved out of her grip, back onto his haunches,
catching her hands in his. She felt the weight of his gaze over her naked torso, saw the
flash of hunger in his expression and then the wicked glint of humor back in his eyes. He
surged to his feet and scooped her up in his arms as if she were no more than a goosefeather pillow.
As he strode across the room to one of the pallets, he kissed her. Nay, ‟twas not a kiss so
much as a nibbling . . . a gentle taste of her upper lip, playing it tenderly between his
teeth, slipping a sleek tongue up and under it and then fully into her mouth. “You have
the most beautiful mouth,” he said against her. “ ‟Tis like a juicy plum and I have dreamt

on it for too many nights.”
She was lowered onto something soft, but she hardly noticed, for he stood before her and
pulled his tunic off, then his shirt, and at last she saw the fine form of his lean, muscled
legs . . . and the bulge between them . . . fully outlined by his braies.
Robin‟s chest was fine, with wide shoulders that narrowed to a long, lean torso the color
of sun-warmed honey. She‟d seen bare male bodies many times as a healer, even some as
well formed and muscular as this one . . . but none had made her catch her breath or wish
to taste them until now. He recognized her expression, and for a moment, the cocky
outlaw was back. He stilled and fisted his hands, flexing his arms in front of her so that
his upper arms tightened into sleek ropes of muscle and his chest bulged.
Catching her eye, he smiled wickedly. “Aye, you like that, do you?” Then the brashness
faded, replaced by something hot and liquid. “Not nearly as much as I do, Alys. I‟ve not
been able to stop thinking about you, my love.”
“I thought you were the one who was dying,” she said, reaching up to touch those sleek
muscles. “Allan did not say who had been injured. He just told me „he‟ needed me.”
“And so you worried that it was my deathbed you were to visit?” He moved his elegant
hands to cover her uplifted breasts. “So beautiful.”
No man had touched her breasts before, and Alys was unprepared for the rush of pleasure
and the instant tightening of her nipples. He sat before her, brushing the lightest of
fingertips over their hard points, watching her, smiling at her shudders and the surprised
gasps as her skin heated. Sharp little twinges zipped down into her belly and beyond, her
body gathering up and her insides squirming in an unfamiliar way.
“Alys,” he breathed, then bent forward to cover her mouth again. She felt him smiling
against her, his lips curved in pure delight and laughter. He pulled up a bit to whisper, “I
cannot believe you are here. I have been miserable, thinking never to see you again. Or
taste you.” Then he moved closer again, his tongue thrusting deeply into her mouth,
tangling with hers for a long time.
She closed her eyes as the room began to tilt and shift, and flowed into him, into this slick
world of tremors and heat and skin against skin. He lifted away after a long time. “I could
kiss you all day,” he murmured, once again sliding his tongue over and around her upper
lip. “But there are other things to do. And I find that I am hungry.”
Robin smiled down at her. His eyes were warm and delighted, and he moved away from
her, down, down along her torso, his fingers at last settling over her bare thighs. She still
wore her hose, but the cotton stockings ended near the tops of her legs . . . and left bare
that full and hot place between her legs. “ ‟ Tis long past time for me to break my fast.”
Alys didn‟t know what he meant until he gently guided her knees apart. She gasped in
surprise and at first resisted, but when he lifted his face and gave her that smile, she
allowed him to part her legs.
“Ah,” he said . . . but it was more of a groan. A low, deep, back-of-the-throat groan. And
then he lowered his face down to her quim, which had never been so . . . opened and
exposed and . . . Oh.
Alys nearly came off the pallet when he kissed the inside of her thigh. Just a little brush
of lips, but she was so sensitive that the prickles shot all up and down, and then there

were more, from every direction, as he kissed his way along her thigh, along that
sensitive, soft, virginal skin, toward the cluster of golden curls. . . . She held her breath
when he reached them, but he skimmed over her full nether lips, merely brushing the
edges of the hair, and then settled on the other thigh.
She relaxed, closed her eyes, opened them, and vaguely saw the timber-roofed ceiling.
Then she closed them again as his tongue sleeked out and his lips bussed gently against
her leg, along its innermost part. . . . She sighed, no longer needing to twitch and shift
with every touch. . . . She felt herself grow and swell. . . .
He lifted his head and she saw the laughter in his eyes, and the heat, the determination . . .
the pleasure. ‟Twas the overt delight, the lust in his own expression, that undid her and
when he touched her ever so lightly, with the tip of his tongue . . . right there on her tight
little pearl, Alys gave a soft little cry and arched back onto the pallet.
“Aye,” he murmured in deep satisfaction, but his mouth moved against her and she felt
the vibration against her pip, and she writhed more because it was so . . . hot, taut, needy.
“Ah, Alys,” he sighed.
And then it began in earnest . . . first a little tickle with the point of his tongue, and then a
long, slow swipe on either side of her swollen quim, down into the depths of its folds,
then over and back and forth and around and inside and she could no longer follow the
path, and she fell into the rhythm of it, let it suck her in . . . the pull and tug and rise and
rise of warmth. . . . She felt it shiver up her legs where his fingers lightly moved, and
from her belly, it coiled and spun down and around and before she knew it, she was
crying out . . . for something. . . . She cried and begged and gasped and he slipped and
slid faster and faster and finally she felt something give.
Just give . . . and then she cried out and her body was an uncontrollable mass of shiver
and shudders and tears and long, great, rolling warmth.
Alys did not know how long it was before she opened her eyes, but when she did, there
he was. Looking down at her with the most satisfied grin, the happiest eyes—as if he‟d
just brought down a boar single-handedly. Or fought off a band of raiders on his own. Or
found heaven.
“Would it be fair to say you enjoyed helping me break my fast?” he murmured, trailing a
sleek finger up from her still-pulsing core along the soft rise of her belly.
She could only nod, still trying to focus. “Robin. Is it always like that?” she whispered,
reaching up to touch his face.
“Nay. Only if one is very fortunate.” His grin grew wider. “I consider us the most
fortunate of all.”
“But you . . .” Her voice trailed off. There was no “us” about it. She might be a maid, but
she knew enough to know that he‟d not found the same pleasure as she.
He shook his head gently. “I‟ll not take your maidenhead, Alys. It belongs to your
husband, whenever you might take one.”
“What is this?” she asked, keeping her tone light. “Has the outlaw grown a conscience?”
“The outlaw . . .” His voice trailed off, then picked up more strongly. “The outlaw Robin
of the Hood shall be no more.”
“What?”

He pulled away, ruffling his thick hair with an energetic hand, looking across the room.
“It has weighed upon me as of late, this charade I play. And I‟ve lost a great friend this
day, and I do not wish to put any more of my comrades in danger. There are other ways
to help the people of Nottinghamshire. And . . . I have fallen in love with a lady that I
shall not endanger. ‟Tis that, most of all, that has opened my eyes.”
“Endanger?”
“I‟m wanted by the law—by the prince. Any liaison we have would implicate you as
well.” He cupped her face in his hands, seriousness in his expression. “I cannot take you
as my leman, much as I want to. If a miracle happens, when the king returns and if God
wills it, you‟ll be the wife of Robin of Locksley. But I will not despoil you before then.
Much as I want to.”
“But, Robin,” she said, but he covered her lips with his, drowning her protests. The throb
between her legs began anew along with the sleek swipe of his tongue, curling inside her.
She felt his cock lift and shift against her thigh and without any further thought, Alys
reached for it, slipping beneath his braies.
Soft as velvet, yet hard as iron, it grew and swelled in her hand. She almost forgot to kiss
him, to taste him, as she was so enthralled by the sensation, and the burning between her
legs began anew.
But he reached there, his clever fingers, and found that rising need, and he helped her slip
her fingers around his cock, showed her how tightly to hold it . . . and with no further
instruction, she knew. She found the rhythm, and he matched it with his fingers between
her legs, and it was not long before they both cried out, their bodies sticky and slick and
tangling together.
“Robin,” she gasped, her fingers still curled around the softening head of his cock. A
thumb stroked gently over the soft, wet rounding, and she felt him twitch gently with
every little movement. She could not keep a bit of a smile from her lips. “I am a ward of
the queen,” she said. “Not the king.”
“There is that,” he said, his voice laced with satisfaction. “But she will not take my side
over that of John. Until the king returns, and Nottingham tells him all, I am naught but an
outlaw. My lands are gone, and I have naught to bring to you, Alys.”
“But, Robin,” she said, smiling against his chest, “I have plenty of lands. I am the heiress
to Clervillieres.”
“In Aquitaine?” He stilled against her. “You are the Lady of Clervillieres?” His voice
was filled with wonder and disbelief, and rightly so. Clervillieres was a large and
powerful fief on the northern border of Aquitaine.
“Aye. And,” she said, her cheeks rounding further with delight, “I have already obtained
permission from the queen—nay, ‟twas my father who did—to allow me to wed where I
will. I merely need to pay a fine—a large one, I am certain—when I do so, marrying a
man that has not been selected for me. The queen will not say me nay.”
At that great news, his head popped up from the pallet and he looked down at her. “You
are mad, Alys. The queen would never allow that.”
“But she has. My father provided her a special service—do not ask, Robin, for I cannot
and will not tell you, for ‟twas a most private matter for the queen—and he obtained that

permission from her. Why do you think I have not yet wed?”
“Why indeed?” he murmured. “The Lady of Clervillieres. And you are quite certain
Eleanor will honor it?”
“Oh, she will honor it, for the money will go into the coffers for her son‟s holy war.”
“But I am an outlaw. She will not—”
Alys was shaking her head, looking at him affectionately. “Who knows you are an
outlaw? Nottingham and Marian of Morlaix . . . and your companions. None of them will
carry tales, I trow.”
“John knows,” he reminded her.
“But Robin Hood was captured at the archery contest. He is in the dungeon. Who is to
say you are Robin Hood when he is already found?” She shrugged, spreading her hands
wide.
A light came into his eyes. “Could it be that simple?”
“Your men shall travel with us—we‟ll leave England, and get far away from John and the
others. I‟ll send word to Eleanor after we wed, and she‟ll impose the fine ... but she will
not complain. She‟ll take the money and grouse about it, but she‟ll say naught, for she is
too busy trying to keep her two cubs from tearing each other‟s throats out.”
“Or, at the least, one of them from tearing at the neck of the other,” Robin said grimly.
“Aye.”
He looked at her, his dimples showing fully for the first time that morning. “I do believe
it might happen the way you claim, Alys. How could I be so fortunate as to find a woman
who not only loves me but can free me?”
“You are very fortunate. Now you must make one more promise to me.”
“Anything, my love.”
“You must rid yourself of every green riband you have, for I‟ll not suffer you spreading
them around to the ladies anymore.”
He laughed, long and hard and with great delight. “Alys, my love, you are the only
woman for whom I‟ll give a green riband. In fact”—his eyes narrowed in wicked
thought—“I should very much like to see you dressed only in my green ribands. From
head to toe.”
“You have that many of them?” she asked in mock annoyance.
“Nay!” He laughed. “And that is precisely the point.”

CHAPTER 16
“Nay, Marian ... do you not see the trap into which I‟ve led you?” Will pointed to the
bishop that, if she moved her rook, would be free to slide into checkmate.
She pulled her arm back, resting its wrist in her lap, and stared at the game. Her firebright hair had been amassed into a loose knot at the back of her neck, but informal,
curling tendrils graced her hairline. The wisps fluttered every time she moved, or
whenever the breeze touched them. Marian‟s slender white wrist was covered by a tight-

fitting sleeve of gold embroidered with red hearts and diamonds. He noticed the heavy
scattering of golden freckles on the back of her hand, recalling that such coloring could
be found elsewhere over her body.
On her breasts, chest, shoulders, arms, the peach-colored tones washed over her fair skin,
making it appear warm and rich. His cock shifted, reminding him how lush she‟d been,
sprawled on a pile of dark furs next to him in John‟s massive bed, her fiery hair spread all
about her. And how sleek and sensual she‟d been, arched over the barrel. Will tightened
his lips and forced the thoughts onto the game.
She‟d approached him early this morn, after the breaking of the fast, and asked if he
could spare some time to teach her to play better. That she even dared to come near him
after his assault on her in the stairwell was shocking enough . . . but to ask for his
assistance? Will could not understand it.
Madwoman.
She should fear him. Had they been anywhere last night but that dank wet place . . .
“I do not see it,” she replied, looking up at him.
He yanked his gaze away, turning his attention back to the game and away from her
serious green eyes. “There. See you the bishop?”
“Ah, aye.”
He glanced up to see her full lips purse in understanding, and he was overcome by a wave
of annoyance and frustration. What was he doing here, sitting with Marian of Morlaix,
teaching her to play chess?
And ‟twas not even prudent that they meet in the great hall, for fear John would hear that
they were no longer adversaries. Nor in her chamber, where he might peer through the
peephole—and where there were other distractions.
Nay, they must sit out in the pear orchard, beneath a tree, behind a low, grassy hill far
beyond the watchful eyes of John‟s court. Where they could not see . . . or be seen.
At the least, it was in the daylight.
Yet Will could not argue that teaching her to play better chess was a fine idea,
particularly in light of John‟s intent to entertain her privately. His “illness” had delayed
this plan, mayhap even for tonight as well, but it would be only a matter of time before he
recovered.
“And so, if I do such . . . ,” she murmured, lifting her own bishop and moving it, “I shall
prevent your little trap.”
“Indeed. But do not think that I‟ve missed your plan,” Will said, lifting his queen to take
her bishop. “I would not allow you to place me in check so easily.”
She glanced up at him and he saw a bit of a smile twitch the corner of her mouth. He
tightened his lips to keep from responding in kind.
“But you have now fallen into my trap,” she said, and moved her knight. “Check . . .
mate.”
Marian was looking at him, arching one of those fine coppery brows in the same manner
she‟d done when they were younger and she‟d come upon him and Locksley spying on a
bathing maidservant. As if she realized that she‟d won because his mind was elsewhere.
Chagrined that he‟d been distracted, he looked down and saw that she had indeed won the

game. He wasn‟t annoyed that she‟d won, only that he‟d allowed his thoughts to wander.
Mayhap with the suggestions he‟d given her, John would be distracted as well, and would
allow Marian to play well enough to win.
She smoothed her overgown, which drew his attention to the curve of her breasts. Her
slender hands were quick and sure, and then she looked up at him again. This time, there
was a decidedly different expression on her face. One that made his mouth go dry and his
palms dampen. He could merely lean forward. . . .
Nay. Lord, no.
He stood abruptly, causing her to crane her neck to look up at him. “You seem to have
learned quite enough this day,” he said. Glancing toward the keep, he felt a heavy weight
in the pit of his belly. John had been seen up and about in his chamber early this day,
slow but mobile. Marian‟s reprieve was soon to be over. If not anight, then the next.
Unless he could think of another way to help her evade the inevitable.
He looked back down at her, then had to drag his gaze away. She could not know how
inviting her expression appeared. God help her if she looked on John with those soft eyes
and parted lips.
She tried to stand, but her feet tangled in her hem and he grabbed her arm to keep her
from falling. She lost her balance and fell into him, soft and sweet, and he thrust her
away.
“I‟ve been too long away from my duties,” he said, giving a little bow.
And he fled.

Marian watched him go, frustration causing her to stamp her foot. However, the grass
muffled any sound she might have made, taking some of the satisfaction from the
movement. She could not have been more obvious if she‟d torn off her clothes and leapt
upon him.
She‟d arranged the whole thing—the excuse for privacy, a quiet place far from the prying
eyes of the keep and of Robin‟s men—and she could not have been more overt.
His desire was there. She could see it, hot and bright, burning in his eyes when he thought
she wasn‟t looking. But she had been, and it had caused a slow, churning burn deep in her
belly.
There was only one other explanation. It had to be that he did not think she wanted him to
touch her.
So she would have to make herself perfectly, unambiguously clear.
Marian blew the horn to call Bruse, who‟d been posted a discreet distance away, and
gathered up the chess set. She would ensure that poor John would be sleeping like an
infant this night, and William de Wendeval would find himself utterly and otherwise
occupied.

Filled with apprehension, Will pounded on the door to Marian‟s chamber. It was late in

the day, well after the midday meal from which she—as well as John—had been absent.
Upon his knock, the door opened to reveal the oft-missing maid, who looked up at him
with fearful, large eyes. That was naught new, and it didn‟t disturb him in the least. But
what disturbed him was having no idea why Marian could have sent for him.
“Your lady has called for me,” he said shortly. “Is she ill?”
The maid seemed unable to find her tongue, and by way of response stepped back from
the door and allowed him to enter. The antechamber was empty but for the maid‟s pallet
and a small trunk, as well as a few neatly folded items of clothing.
Will hesitated, unsure whether Marian would come to him or whether he was to go to her,
through the door and into her private chamber. But the maid gestured for him to go
beyond, and with damp palms and an unsettled stomach, he moved toward the door.
Marian was within, standing as though she‟d been waiting for him. Standing, not ill in
bed as he‟d imagined. He took in the details of the chamber and her appearance with one
quick scan, his apprehension growing.
Dear God, why do you tempt me?
She was alone, and dressed simply in a white undergown so thin and delicate that he saw
the shadowy curves under her breasts and the darkness at the juncture of her thighs. The
tie that gathered it about her neck hung loose, leaving a good bit of skin, brushed with
golden freckles, exposed. Candles lit the chamber, a variety of them on a table giving off
nearly as much light as a noonday sun, and the fire burned sedately in its alcove. The
scent of violets clung to the air, which was warm and humid, as though she‟d bathed
recently.
All her magnificent hair was unbound but for two slender braids that came from her
temples and were drawn to the back of her crown. Her feet were bare. Tension emanated
from her, flowing across the room as if the air vibrated. But he saw the purpose in her
eyes, the determination.
His heart was pounding now, and he realized what he‟d walked into. His first reaction
was one of disgust and fury, but it was closely followed by the wave of desire flushing
over him, sending hot blood trammeling through his body.
Nay, fool.
Curling his fingers into the sides of his simple linen shirt, he drew in a calm breath and
gritted his teeth.
“What do you require, my lady?” he asked, keeping his face and voice expressionless.
“My performance, I presume?”
She looked confused, but recovered. “If you wish to consider it that, then so be it.”
The hope that he‟d been wrong faded and Will glanced toward the tapestry, resignation
washing over him, along with anger, and if he was brutally honest, he must admit there
burned deep inside him that great need . . . that incessant desire that could no longer be
denied. He should walk out, but he could not. He hadn‟t the strength.
She stepped toward him, shaking her hair out so that it fell in lustrous waves over her
shoulders, glinting copper and ruby and garnet in the candlelight. But when she noticed
that he was looking at the tapestry, she paused.
Comprehension flooded her face and she looked up at him, eyes wide and face serious.

“Will. There is no one behind the tapestry.”
As he watched her, stunned, feeling as if the breath had been knocked from him, Marian
walked over to the woven picture of the knight and his horse. As he watched, she pulled
up a corner of the large hanging cloth and stuffed a piece of cloth into the peephole,
blocking both sight and sound. She turned back to him, raising both brows in silent
question.
Flushed with shame, he stepped back, feeling his face go blank and hard. “I am sorry,
Marian,” he began.
“Will.” She said his name desperately. He couldn‟t read her face any longer; he couldn‟t
trust what he thought he saw there. “Don‟t.”
“What do you want from me?” he snapped, angry with himself for the moment of hope,
the flash of light in a dark world.
“I want you.”
At first he didn‟t comprehend, for her response was so foreign, so impossible.
But then she said it again. “I want to be with you, Will. . . . I choose to be with you.”
As her words penetrated, he felt as though he‟d been submerged into a rush of hot water,
then cold . . . and then hot again. Everything slowed and grayed and became murky and
warm. He couldn‟t react, but she was already coming toward him and he could barely
grasp the concept that she wanted him to touch her until she brushed against his body.
Some sort of trick. It must be. John must—
But she flowed into his arms . . . soft and warm, smelling of violets, smooth and rounded
and woman . . . Marian . . . and in spite of the warning bells, he gathered her up against
him, feeling the delicious press of her against his chest and the brush of her leg against
the raging erection now filling out his braies. She pulled his face down and he devoured
her lips, fingers sliding into the deep warmth of her hair to cup the back of her skull.
Ah, Marian. Marian.
She sighed into his mouth, stepping onto his boots with her bare feet so that she could
better reach his lips. Sweet, soft, full lips . . . he felt his whiskers scrape against them and
the delicate skin of her cheek as he tried to consume her . . . this woman. This woman
who‟d haunted him for more than a decade.
Tremors shook his fingers and weakened his knees, and he forgot to breathe.
At last. At last.
And then she tugged away, and he reluctantly let her go. Marian looked up at him with
eyes that didn‟t sparkle, but smoldered dark emerald, and held his gaze as she smoothed
her hands down over the front of his chest, then grasped his shirt as if it were a mail
hauberk and lifted it over his head, the swell of her breasts brushing against him. His
squire, the whores, his mistresses . . . all had done such a simple act many times . . . but
never before had he appreciated it more.
He reached for her, needing to feel her skin against his, but she darted out of his range,
smiling a hot, seductive smile. Where had she learned such a thing? It was an expression
of knowing, of teasing.
From John?
From Locksley?

I’ll not go to Locksley.
But she had come to him.
Why? Why?
His mouth turned dry, the blood pounding deep inside him, and he stood, wondering what
new torture she . . . or John . . . had devised.
Aye, he could not discount the possibility that the prince would barge into the chamber at
any time and join them.
“Nay, Will,” she said, positioning herself so that the bed was between them. She still
wore that smile, that gentle smirking curve of her lips, now swollen from the long, deep
kissing. Looking at him from beneath her lashes, she said, “I am weary of being the
plaything. Of being pawed and licked and kissed until I cry for mercy. I have decided . . .
aye, indeed . . . that it is your turn to be the one who is pleasured.”
“Marian.” His lips could barely form her name, let alone ask her if she were mad.
“Aye, Will,” she said, gliding toward him from around the bed. “I wish for you to allow
me to pleasure you.”

The expression in his eyes—heated, blazing with desire—made her so weak it nearly sent
her to her knees. Marian felt her lungs clog and tighten and her belly twist with
anticipation. She wanted him, wanted to touch him, to bury her face in his chest, to stroke
those long, strong arms, and to feel those powerful legs slide against hers, to be filled and
caressed and loved. . . .
But then he reached out, pulling her roughly up to him. His expression had gone dark and
blank again, with only a hint of the heat that had been there a moment ago. His fingers
curved tightly into her arms as he looked down.
“Marian,” he said, dark eyes boring into her. “Tell me that John has naught to do with
this. Please.”
Now she saw it: the desperation, the need buried there beneath the cold exterior. With a
rush, she understood. “Nay, Will, nay.” She gripped his solid, warm shoulders. “I swear
to you, on my soul, ‟tis only me. And you. ‟Tis my choice, Will. You are my choice.
Now.” She bit her lip, but the words tumbled out because she needed to erase that fear in
his eyes. “Always. I love you.”
She caught her breath. How could it be, after her deep loathing for him? But it was true.
She felt the certainty of it, warm and full. Right . . . and almost holy.
The blackhearted Sheriff of Nottinghamshire had captured her heart.
“Marian.” He said her name in a low sighing groan, then dragged her against him again.
The planes of his chest moved against her flat palms as he pulled her so close she could
hardly draw in a breath. “How can you . . . ?” His voice trailed off as he covered her
mouth, his lips still moving.
Her eyes closed and she sank into him, against him, for a long, sleek kiss . . . and then she
pulled away. “Do you not think to distract me from my purpose, Will,” she said, careful
to inject a clear note of teasing in her voice.

The range of emotions that had played over his face since he‟d come into her chamber
indicated how vulnerable and wary he was, despite the cold, brutal exterior he‟d shown.
She wanted nothing to bring shadows back into his eyes again on this night.
She wanted only to see the rise of pleasure and the flush of release. She wanted him to
see her, only her. To say her name and know it was she who brought him there. To be one
with her.
Thus, when he stepped back, releasing her, she feared he might have misunderstood. But
then she realized he was no longer so wary and that a bit of a smile lurked behind his lips.
“Your purpose?” he repeated.
“Aye.” She knelt at his feet and gave his hard belly a little push. Understanding, he
settled back on the bed so she could pull off his boots. Then he stood while she unlaced
his braies and dragged them down over his hips and the very insistent erection that jutted
forth. A little drop gleamed enticingly at its tip.
Marian pulled herself upright on her knees and curled her fingers around the red purple
cock. Will started, jolting against her, and then sighed as if catching himself. She glanced
up and saw that he was looking down at her with hot, dark eyes, and she smiled up at him
as she moved her hand. Once, quickly, suddenly, from head to base and back, she used
her thumb to swipe over the glistening drip and ease her way.
He gave a little shudder and his eyes widened in response. “Marian, take care or you will
overset me too soon.” His voice was so deep and filled with emotion—warmth, desire,
affection—that it set shivers down her spine. He‟d always sounded so flat or angry, so
demanding or cold. Now he sounded like the rich sable furs in which she wrapped herself
during the winter.
Simply in order to be contrary, and to let him know she was in control, she gave another
quick stroke that made him suck in his breath again. Then she released him and stood.
When he reached for her, she danced out of his range again. “Nay, Will, you must not
touch me. Not until I give you leave.”
“Marian,” he protested in that low, rough voice that sent delicious shivers curling in her
belly.
“Now, lay yourself down,” she said. “I want to kiss you. And remember, Will . . . you
may not touch me. In fact, you cannot move.”
“Marian, are you mad ?” he said. Yet he followed her direction and stretched out on the
bed, lying on his back. His long legs left his feet dangling a bit off the edge, and he was
so large he nearly filled the narrow pallet. There would hardly be room for her to lie next
to him.
She looked at him and felt dizzy for a moment. So beautiful, so hard and dark and lean
and powerful . . . from those broad, angular shoulders to the curve of the muscles in his
arms, which he‟d tucked behind his head. Dark hair, thick and wavy, fell from his head
and half covered his wrists, exposing a face taut with desire . . . but no longer with
harshness or frigidity. A shadow of whiskers brushed his square jaw and beneath his chin
onto the lines of his throat. His lips, parted slightly, were full and sensual . . . so unlike
the flat, disgusted grimace she‟d become used to. His face like this was beautiful.
The slabs of chest muscle were covered with the same dark hair that trailed down over his

belly and down to rise, thick and dark, between his muscular, corded legs. His cock stood
nearly straight up, proclaiming agreement to his previous protestations . . . and she eyed it
appreciatively.
This night, she would enjoy the slide of that cock deep inside her, when she could touch
it . . . and him . . . and when there would be no other eyes watching and taking. When it
meant aught more than a simple physical release. Oh, there would be that too . . . but
more.
“Could you not at the least remove your shift so that I may look if I cannot touch?” Will
asked.
“But you already know what I look like,” she reminded him teasingly.
He responded with a heartfelt groan. “Please.”
Licking her lips, for the deep sound made her stomach curl again, Marian glanced up at
his face, and was delighted to see that he could not seem to pull his eyes away from her.
So she pulled her simple gown up and over her head, tossing it into a corner. Her hair
lifted as the linen rose, then fell down in a soft, sensual swirl about her shoulders, breasts,
and torso. The gentle brush over her taut nipples reminded her how sensitive they were,
and how she would like to have his mouth on them. Oh, aye.
A glance at Will, who hadn‟t so much as flickered an eye-lash, told her that he would be
more than willing to oblige. Smiling, her belly fluttering deep inside and her core already
tingling in anticipation, Marian climbed onto the bed. She settled herself over his warm,
ridged belly, sliding her bent legs alongside his hips, lifting her hair up and then letting it
fall into place.
When she sat, her quim wide and wet over him, he drew in a long, deep breath and closed
his eyes. But he did not move, though she saw the muscles in his arms twitch.
Then he opened his eyes, and they fastened on hers, avid and hot. His lips moved
soundlessly. . . . Marian . . . I love you. The words were inaudible, as if they were too
sacred to say aloud. But she read them on his mouth, and felt the truth of it in his breath
and the way it radiated from him . . . now that the specter of John was gone.
She nudged herself forward, feeling the rough texture of his chest hair beneath her
sensitive, swollen quim, and, placing her hands around the smooth expanse of his biceps,
bent forward.
Her nipple just brushed his lips and he opened them to capture it, but she did not pause
and allow him to. She tipped to one side, then the other, and back, and his tongue slipped
out and flickered over one taut point . . . then the other . . . and even that brief sensation
sent tingles down into her belly and beyond.
Then she settled with one breast over his mouth, her hair falling down to pool on either
side of his torso. He lifted his head to close his lips around her. Marian sighed at the
warm, slick sensation, the pressure, the tugging and pulling and the sliding of his tongue.
She closed her eyes and felt the familiar pooling of dampness at her quim, the sharp,
tingling spiraling down from her belly to center there. Her fingers wrapped around his
biceps, and she felt the smooth sensitive skin inside his arms and she bent to kiss him,
tracing her tongue gently and delicately over the light-colored flesh. She took a lock of
her hair and swept it lightly over his other arm, noticing how the skin leapt and trembled.

He tensed beneath her, his belly, his mouth, his arms . . . then relaxed, sucking harder on
her sensitive nipple. Marian felt a twinge between her legs and a wave of delicate tremors
from her little pearl . . . and she sighed as the pleasure flowed easily over her, surprising
her with its intensity.
Will need have no concern that she would overset him too soon.
When she pulled away, her breast stretching a bit, he lifted his head to go with her, his
muscular shoulders rising from the bed . . . but she reminded him with a sharp, “Nay,
Will . . . surely you have more willpower than that.”
He gave a soft, tortured laugh and collapsed back onto the bed. “Not so much, when you
are wriggling and writhing over me. Have pity, Marian.”
She smiled back, delighted to see his mouth curve in real humor, and bent to cover those
full lips with hers again, briefly, sweetly. She pulled away when he began to shift beneath
her, his breathing growing deeper and faster. Easing down his body, she found that his
skin was now warmer and shiny with a faint sheen of damp . . . and musky from her own
scent. She kissed a trail through the springy hair on his chest, and paused to flicker her
tongue over his nipple for a moment.
But she really wanted to move lower, and though she took her time kissing and nibbling
over his hard stomach, she kept moving. At the tender crease between thigh and torso,
she slid her tongue down and around and finally arrived at her destination.
With a quick glance up at him, she settled between his splayed legs and cupped his
erection with both hands, sliding them slowly up and down, using more of the glistening
drops from its head to slick her way. Then she had an idea and, with a mischievous
glance at him, slipped one of her hands into her own warm, wet folds and pulled slick
fingers back out with a soft, wet sound.
Will watched avidly, heavily, as she wiped her own juices over his cock, his face raised,
eyes fastened on her movements, breathing audible. She felt the surge in the hot flesh she
held, felt the little rising and shooting sensations inside the warm shaft, and began to
stroke . . . long and slow . . . easy . . . so easy.
She watched him, felt his body tremble and gather, focused on his face as her own body
tightened, swelling and pulsing, while his face grew darker, more taut and arrested. He
flushed, his nostrils flared, his lips parted, and she moved faster and faster, watching,
building up and up. . . . Her heart beat harder, her breathing rose, her hand flew up and
down, up and down. . . .
“Marian,” he breathed, his gaze flashing to hers, eyes bright with desire, holding her as if
he were touching her with his large, tanned hands.
Her chest tight, she gave in to his unspoken plea, releasing him but moving just as
quickly to lift herself over his hips. Hands positioned on his trembling belly, she spread
her legs wide and lowered herself onto him . . . slowly. . . .
“Lord,” he hissed, “I cannot. . . .”
“Don‟t . . . move,” she managed to say as the sweetness filled her. Nothing like the long,
sleek slide of Will, filling her, up into her center. . . .
His chest glistened, his face shone, his eyes burned, yet he remained still, his hands
caught behind his head, his pulse visible in the lean cords of his neck, his belly

shuddering beneath her palms.
Marian settled on him, down, low, and paused to catch her own breath and steady herself.
Naught that she‟d experienced in the chambers with John had prepared her for this
delicious warmth . . . the beauty, the connection, the sense of completion . . . of purity.
So clean and pure after the tawdriness of the Court of Pleasure.
He moved inside her, a little twitch, catching her by surprise, and she couldn‟t help a soft
gasp of laughter. “Did I give you leave to move?” she asked, hearing in her own ears how
low and dusky her voice was.
“Nay,” was his rumbling reply. “But I trow the game is over.” With a flash of white teeth,
a humorless, fierce smile, he surged up . . . and the next thing she knew, Marian was on
her back, hair tangling in and around them, and Will was poised over her.
But he paused, holding himself up on two strong arms without touching her but for the
hair-covered thigh settling gently between hers. “Marian . . .” He waited, searching her
face with sharp, serious eyes.
She smiled up at him, understanding his hesitation. “And so you have lost to me twice on
this day. At chess . . . and in bed.”
He returned the smile with one of his own . . . one she‟d never seen before: warm, tender,
loving. Real.
“I do not consider this”—he slipped inside her with a quick, sure movement—“losing.”
They both groaned with deep pleasure.
Marian closed her eyes and lifted her hips, rising to meet him and the delicious long,
sleek strokes, turning her head as he buried his face in her throat, gently kissing her as he
moved so slowly . . . in . . . out . . . as long, slow, sweet pleasure rose lightly inside her . .
. curling, unfurling, warm, and delicious. Skin to skin, warm and damp, rough with hair,
smooth with muscle, soft and lush and hard, they tangled and sighed, stroked and kissed
with reverence. Without hurry. With promises.
And then with a quiet groan of acquiescence, Will lifted his face from her skin and settled
back on his haunches, guiding her along with him, his hands at her hips. He moved faster
now, with greater urgency, and she planted her feet on the bed on either side of him,
matching the rhythm, meeting his dark eyes, feeling her tight, sensitive breasts bounce
and sway and her core deepen and lengthen and swell. . . .
She made it first, just tipped over the edge on a long, downward spiral, dizzy and
undulating helplessly beneath him, around him, her eyes rolling back in her head. Her
toes curled. Her heart stopped dead . . . then picked up again a moment later, pounding
harder and faster.
He swore softly under his breath, more a prayer than an oath, and her eyes flew open in
time to see what she needed to see: to meet his gaze and watch the flash of rapture over
his upturned face, the long, sleek lines of his neck, the gentle parting of his lips.
Not the hard, triumphant expression she‟d seen on John, or the shameful, desperate one
from Robin . . . but an ecstatic joy, contained . . . but true. Beautiful in its vulnerability.
He said her name again, a caress of syllables that settled her pounding pulse into easy
rhythm. Then, skin to skin, arms and legs tangled, they collapsed onto the bed, damp,
warm, and well sated.

CHAPTER 17
W ill awakened abruptly. His eyes quickly adjusted to the darkness, thanks in part to the
glowing coals of the fire, and his years of instant readiness in battle. Marian still slept
curled against him, her soft, warm body comforting and welcome. He was covered more
by her hair than the furs of the bed.
He saw the figure standing in the chamber and recognized it immediately.
“This will be the last time you invade my lady‟s chamber,” he said, reaching for a candle.
He would not conduct this conversation in the darkness.
“Nottingham.” Locksley didn‟t sound surprised or even annoyed at discovering a man in
his lover‟s bed. “How convenient to find you here.”
The candle flared to life thanks to a sharp piece of flint and a tendril of cotton, and Will
looked up at Locksley. The man seemed unconcerned by his presence, and barely cast a
glance at Marian‟s ivory skin, more exposed than Will would have liked.
“What do you want?” Will asked.
“I came with news, and to bid Marian farewell. And since you are here as well, that
makes my task even simpler.”
Will sat straighter, and Marian shifted against him, waking at the sound of their low
voices. “What news?” he pressed.
“Farewell?” she asked, pushing her hair out of her face.
Will glanced down at her, unable to keep himself from tensing, awaiting her reaction. But
her first look was up at him with sleep-drugged eyes, and her fingers curled around his
beneath the covers as she pulled herself upright. She tugged the furs to cover her breasts,
and looked at Locksley . . . with naught but curiosity in her face. Will relaxed.
“I‟m leaving Sherwood. Robin Hood will be no more.”
“Except for the man in the dungeon below,” Marian said drily, her hip and leg lined up
with Will‟s, rubbing with little, gentle caresses.
“He‟s an outlaw at any rate, and will hang regardless of his name,” Will told her. “He
was part of the group that attacked you.”
“But why are you leaving?” Marian asked, turning back to their visitor.
“My work is finished here. The queen will soon arrive and she will set all to rights.”
“The queen? How do you know this?” Marian asked, echoing Will‟s thoughts.
Locksley flushed lightly. “Alys . . . er, Lady Alys,” he corrected himself. “She has
received word that Eleanor makes haste to see her youngest son. She could arrive as soon
as two days from now.”
Marian nodded. “Aye, the queen is a rapid traveler and waits for no one. Even the

stoutest men-at-arms have difficulty keeping pace with her.”
“Or so the tales claim,” Will said. He looked at his former friend. “And so you leave
before she arrives?”
He gave the cheeky smile that women always seemed to love, but that Will found
exceedingly annoying. “Alys believes it would be helpful if I were never identified as
Robin Hood, so ‟tis best that we do so. We‟re to wed,” he added, looking at Marian.
“And she claims the queen will allow our union.”
“I would not argue that. Alys appears to know Eleanor even better than I,” Marian said,
nodding.
Will looked at her in surprise, but chose not to follow that trail at the moment. “And you
are leaving now? What other news?”
“ ‟ Tis all. Just that we leave and I came to ask Marian if she wishes to go with us.”
Locksley looked at him, and for the first time, the rivalry between them eased. “She
would be safer,” he said, meeting his eyes with a sober gaze.
Will suppressed his first inclination—nay!—and tried to think on the suggestion clearly.
Which was difficult in light of the sweet-smelling woman next to him, and the fresh
memories of these last hours together.
It would be safer if she left. Locksley was right. If the queen did indeed arrive shortly,
mayhap she would have word from Richard. And once things were set to right, Marian
could return to him, and be protected.
“Nay,” Marian said. “I‟ll not leave.” She tightened her fingers around his hand. “And
aside of that, I must speak with the queen myself. What harm can the prince do in two or
three days that he has not already done?” She looked at Will, her face haughty and firm.
“I do not want to leave you.”
His insides warred, but in the end, he was undone by the determination that he could keep
her from John for the few days remaining. The prince would not play his games when his
mother was present, and if he must do so in order to guarantee her safety, Will would
send Marian with the queen when she left.
“So be it,” Will said. “But we must take care to keep you from the prince‟s sight until
then.”
“Aye.” Marian smiled. “I shall claim illness or my flux.”
“Or I shall pay five women from the village to visit the prince as a gift for recovering
from his illness,” Will added, feeling foolishly happy. “That will keep him busy enough
for a night.” When was the last time he‟d felt this way?
“Very well, then,” Locksley said. “Farewell, sweetling.” He came closer to the bed and,
before Will could react, swept down and gathered Marian up for a last kiss boldly on the
mouth, with a sidewise glance at Will.
He allowed it to pass. Locksley was leaving, and Marian was staying. With him.
“Alys and I will wed, and if you cannot attend that, at the least you must visit us in
Clervillieres . . . far, far from the reach of John,” Locksley explained, stepping back.
“Indeed we shall,” Marian replied, but Will remained silent.
He was still the Sheriff of Nottinghamshire, and he could not leave the county for any
extended time. He would be attached to John through the king, and because of John‟s

own hold over Ludlow, Will could never expect to be free of the younger Angevin.
He must serve John until he died, or unless the king released him from his position as
sheriff. But then what? What would he have to offer Marian?
Unlike Robin, who‟d been Lord of Locksley until the prince claimed his lands, Will had
naught but his honor—which had been severely tried as of late—and many years of
service to Richard.
That amounted to little when it came to settling a bride-price.
A crust of discontent settled in his belly. He was not wealthy, nor did he own anything
larger than a small manor house, seated in the county. She was Lady of Morlaix and far
above him in station. He‟d known this all along, and even from his days at Mead‟s Vale
he‟d known she was a baron‟s daughter . . . and he‟d reminded himself of this when she
arrived here at Ludlow. But then the battle of wills with the prince had arisen, and Will
had taken the opportunity to have what he believed he‟d never touch.
Bitterness soured his happiness, and he felt a wave of self-revulsion. Clearly he‟d not
spent enough time on his knees in the chapel.
“Will?” Marian was looking at him, and he gave himself a bit of a shake.
“You must go with him,” he said, easing away from her. Chill settled over his skin when
they broke apart. “John will have recovered from his sickness, and he will be more
determined than ever to entertain you. There is little I can do to stop him, save violence.”
She was shaking her head. “I‟ll not leave you, Will,” she said again. “He will not dare to
truly harm me. He dares not leave lasting hurts on a noblewoman; he merely wishes to
play. And it is not as if I‟ve not had to suffer his hands on me before. ‟Tis no pleasure,
but there could be worse things—such as being called out for treason.”
He realized dimly that Locksley had left the chamber, but it was not too late to send her
after him. “Marian, you needn‟t take that chance. I‟ll not have him put his hands on you
again. Do not ask it of me. I could hardly bear it before, but now . . .”
She was watching him so closely, he swore she could read his inner thoughts. “Will, I
cannot leave you. I won‟t. Do not try and force me.”
“But I have forced you into all of this, have I not?” he asked, suddenly blackly furious
with himself and John, and with Locksley, the king‟s rapacious war . . . with it all.
“You‟ve forced me into nothing. The queen sent me here, knowing that John would want
me,” Marian told him. Whether by accident or design, the furs had slipped from her hand
and now she sat bare to the waist, her lovely hair tangling about her.
As tantalizing as the sight was, he could not allow it to distract him. “The queen sent you
to be John‟s leman?”
Marian reached for him, her fingers on his arm. “Not to be his leman, although ‟tis
certain she suspected it would happen. She set me to spy upon John, for she suspects his
plotting against Richard.”
Will looked at her, unsure whether to believe her words. They were shocking, but
certainly rang true from what he knew of Eleanor. And he had seen Marian looking
through John‟s papers. “She will protect you, you are certain?”
Marian nodded. “I am certain of it. I have long been one of her favorites, and I‟ve done
what she wished. And I suspect that when she learns how you‟ve acted to protect the

people of Nottinghamshire in the face of John‟s greed, she‟ll have much to say to the
king. He loves her above all people, you know. And she loves England too. More so than
the king himself.”
“I know that.” Then he looked at her. “You believe I‟ve protected the people? Only two
days ago you accused me of senseless cruelty and dark deeds.”
“But is that not what you wanted me—and all—to think? How was I to know that you
and Robin worked together? Once I realized that, I understood most of it. But why did
you burn the houses? That I cannot comprehend. I do not believe you did it out of cruelty.
But why?”
He could not help it. Her faith in him, her understanding, and her bravery brought his
hand forth to touch her hair, sliding his fingers down over a thick lock to caress her
smooth arm. Even though he knew it was folly to prolong this. He should be setting her
away, leaving, then sending her off to safety.
“The houses were old and falling apart. They were dangerous and needed to be replaced,
but I thought if they were rebuilt on the far side of the village, where John does not go, he
would not see them. New buildings would be too much a sign of prosperity for him to
resist, and he would ask for more than they could give—they are already so overtaxed for
this bloody war.”
“And so you made a show of burning them in order to further blacken your reputation.”
Marian was nodding. “And then Robin was tasked with helping to rebuild the houses.
With your help in the way of resources. Lumber and other, aye, Will? Is that how it was?
And you would meet with him or leave messages to tell him where and how to get the
materials?”
He nodded. How had she figured it all out? No one else had seen through it. Then he
noticed she was looking down, as if ashamed. “What is it, Marian?”
“I felt so badly for Robin all of this time—believing he was a hero while being painted an
outlaw, a lawless man. How difficult it must be, I believed, for him to be thought so evil
while he did so much good. But now I realize it was you all along. How you were hated
and feared because of what we saw—or were meant to see—while all along you were the
hero. You were the one who made sure the villagers were cared for, and the woods kept
safe.” She lifted his battle-scarred hand to her lips, looking at him.
“I had already begun to love you before I knew that, and I confess, I fought the feelings. I
didn‟t want to love such a loathsome man . . . but you were so kind to me, I could not—”
He snorted in disbelief. “Kind to you?”
The look she gave him was melting and sent a new wave of affection and desire coursing
through his body. “You were most kind to me in John‟s chambers. Did you think I did
not know what you were doing? Protecting me, giving me pleasure, all the while
pretending to be as evil as he? Refusing to allow me to touch you when it was clear you
wanted me to?”
He looked away. When she spoke it like that, he almost believed he‟d done the right
thing.
“If you‟d not been there, I cannot imagine what it would have been like.”
He didn‟t know what to do with these feelings she roused in him, so he pulled her close

and buried himself in the warmth and comfort of Marian.

It was many hours later that they disengaged themselves as a knock came at the door. The
maid poked her head around, eyes wide and looking everywhere but at Will. The sun had
risen long ago, and it must be near the midday meal.
“Begging pardon,” said the maid. “But word has come that the prince is looking for you,
my lord.”
“Better me than you,” Will said to Marian as he slipped from her bed. Duty beckoned.
His knees were a bit weak, but he felt more alive and awake than he had for years. “Does
he know that I am here?” he asked the maid sharply.
“I have not told anyone of your presence,” she said. “As you ordered, my lady. ‟Tis just
that the news has come from below that he is looking for you.”
“Aye,” Will said, relieved at that bit of information. He looked at the maid, whose name
he would someday have to learn. “I task you to bring this day the meals to my lady, for
she is ill and is not to be disturbed.”
He dressed quickly and left, reluctant, but knowing that Marian would be safe as long as
he spread the word she was ill and she remained in the chamber.
John received him in his private chambers, which in the light of day appeared tawdry and
base. The stink of illness, plus old wine and coupling, permeated the well-lit space,
reminding Will yet again of how fortunate he was to have found more than the mere act
of coupling with Marian.
The prince wasted no time. Having fully recovered from his illness, he was possessed of
great energy and plans. “Robin Hood shall be hung,” he began. “On what day?”
“A sennight hence,” Will told him, presuming that the queen would have arrived by then
and all would be sorted out. But now that Locksley had gone away, it didn‟t really matter
whether the outlaw was identified as Robin Hood.
“Good. Aye, ‟tis a good thing that he has been captured at last. And now you must find
the rest of his men. Go you into the forest and round them up. Without their leader, I trow
it shall be as simple as coddling a babe.”
“Aye, my lord,” Will said. He‟d go into the forest, but Robin and his men would be long
gone. He‟d return with the tale and evidence of the dispersal of the outlaws, and all would
be settled.
While he was in the forest, he would set a watch for the approach of the queen‟s traveling
wagons. The sooner he learned of her approach, the better he‟d feel.
“At once, Nottingham. I have waited much too long.”
“Aye, my lord,” Will said, keeping his voice easy and mellow as always. “I will attend to
it at once.”
Just as he was about to dismiss him, John lifted his hand and beckoned. A large man-atarms appeared from the door of the chamber. “I shall send Jem with you. He is quite
handy with the sword, and I do not wish for any of those outlaws to escape.”
Will felt a prickle of unease down his spine. John had never bestirred himself to send any

of his men with him before. But he merely nodded and smiled as if privileged that a royal
servant would assist him in his task.
Yet as he left John‟s chambers, the muscular Jem behind him, the back of Will‟s neck felt
exposed. He gripped his sword‟s hilt unobtrusively, knowing he must remain on his
guard. When they reached the bridge from the inner yard to the village, Will paused and
spoke with the watchman so that he could measure Jem for a moment.
“Any sign of approaching travelers? Large trains with great amounts of baggage?” Will
asked, eyeing the prince‟s man. He carried a long sword and a leather-bound shield, the
latter of which was not only unnecessary but unwieldy when tracking outlaws in the
wood. Either he did not know any better, or he had been ordered to do so.
Will‟s sense of unease lifted a notch and he did a quick scan of the bailey as he continued
his conversation with the watchman.
“Nay, my lord sheriff. Naught but a small group of a dozen men coming from the east.
They are traveling quickly, but do not appear to be a threat.”
Will nodded absently, for he‟d just seen Bruse, Marian‟s master-at-arms, crossing the
yard. He hailed him and pulled quickly away from Jem before the other man could think
to follow him and listen in.
“Your lady. Keep close with her. She is very ill and cannot be disturbed,” was all Will
had a chance to say before Jem approached.
Bruse‟s sharp eyes met his, and Will saw understanding and determination. Aye. Good.
Then he swung away, Jem and four of the sheriff‟s other men following as they went off
into the forest.
The back of Will‟s neck still itched. He might be in danger, but Marian would be safe.

Marian dared not leave her chamber, but she found the space confining after Will left.
She worked on a piece of embroidery that had long suffered neglect, and then found
herself pacing the room.
The sun was high in the sky, warming the chamber as much as it ever could, when the
door opened. There stood Prince John, with a goggle-eyed Ethelberga cowering behind
him.
“Ah, Lady Marian,” he said in his smooth voice. “I see that, contrary to rumor, you‟ve
recovered from your illness quite well. I‟m delighted that you‟re feeling better, for I no
longer have to delay my congratulations to you for winning the golden arrow.”
He extended his arm in an offer that she could not refuse.
She did not even have the chance to retrieve the sleeping draught that Alys had made for
her, for John took her arm and escorted her quickly from the chamber.

CHAPTER 18
“Why, Lady Marian, you seem a bit reluctant,” John said. He had seated her on the edge

of the massive bed and now stood in front of her.
It was the middle of the day, an hour past the midday meal. That fact alone made her feel
out of sorts, for she‟d never been summoned to John‟s apartments other than at night. A
single guard had been posted outside the door, and other than she and the prince, there
was no other person present in the chambers. It felt odd to be in this place of hedonism in
the full sunlight, with all its accoutrements showing in full, garish detail. The empty
restraints, the massive bed with the curtains pulled away, the table of half-eaten food and
drink and its array of crumbs and crusts and spills. The heavy smells of profligacy
seemed particularly foul in the full light of day.
Marian swallowed and tried to appear as if the very thought of John‟s hands on her didn‟t
make her skin crawl with revulsion. She looked up at him, at his greedy dark eyes and
full red lips, and kept her face blank.
“I am reluctant, my lord,” she said. Had a woman ever told him nay? Mayhap he thought
she was willing, or, at the least, not averse to sharing his bed. After all, he was the prince
and likely heir to the throne. Most women would not complain at the chance for the
wealth, privilege, or power that came with being a royal mistress.
“Is that so?” he asked, reaching to touch her hair. She hadn‟t bound or otherwise confined
it, and now it streamed over her shoulders and pooled on the bed. “I am sorry for that, for
‟tis much more enjoyable with a willing partner.”
“My lord, please. I am flattered by your kindness and your attentions, but I pray, please
release me. I have no desire to share your bed.” There. She‟d spoken plainly. If he had
any conscience, he would release her.
“ ‟ Tis a disappointment that you feel thus, Lady Marian,” he said, stepping closer to her.
His leg brushed her gown and the wayward edge of his tunic‟s hem curled atop her lap.
“For I shall not release you.”
His hands cupped the top of her skull and smoothed down over the long strands of hair
along her shoulders and arms.
“Please, my lord.”
“Stand,” he ordered, his tone brisk and his eyes bright, as he pulled her to her feet. “I
would see you clothed in naught but your hair.”
Marian stood reluctantly, and glanced toward the chamber door. Will could not know she
was here. He was busy with his duties and thought her safely in her chamber.
But what could he do about it, in any event, if he knew?
In fact, it would be best if he did not know.
The realization struck her then. If Will found out she was here with the prince, he would
react angrily, possibly violently. He‟d already said it: There is naught I can do but
violence.
Violence against the prince? That would be treason and would destroy his honor. Either
he‟d die or he might as well be dead, for he‟d abhor himself for turning against his liege.
Marian felt nauseated, and it had little to do with the fact that John had not waited for her
to remove her kirtle. He had begun to untie the string at the neckline and was tugging it
off her shoulders.
“Oh, and did I forget to mention”—John lifted the kirtle up and over her head; she raised

her arms reluctantly and it slipped off, leaving her naked—“that Nottingham will be
unable to join us? I‟ve sent him off on a task that should take a good while.” He smiled
knowingly at her, brushing away the hair that had fallen into her face. “So you need not
watch the door.”
She braced herself when he leaned forward to kiss her, suffering the full, wet lips over
hers and the hands that never seemed to stop touching her hair: brushing, combing,
wrapping, lifting it.
Marian closed her eyes, realizing that it was best this way. If she did not fight him, if she
pretended to participate or at least allowed him to do what he wished, it would be over
sooner. It would be no worse than submitting to Harold‟s fumblings. And once she
escaped from his chamber, she would hide and he‟d never find her.
And, most important, Will would never find out. She shivered.
Did he not realize whatever the prince did to her meant nothing? Naught more than her
husband pumping and groaning over her?
“Ah, so you do like that,” John murmured, lifting his face from her neck, where he‟d
been gently biting along her shoulder. “I am not surprised. You are a passionate woman.
I‟ve seen evidence of it.”
He pulled her onto the bed and fell with her, taking her hand and bringing it to the great
bulge between his legs. She fumbled with it through his braies, trying to think on
anything but what she was doing.
But then he was fondling her breasts, kissing and licking her nipples, and she felt his
breathing rise and the insistence in his movements as he pushed her back flat onto the
bed. He straddled her now, and she closed her eyes, unwilling to look at his face as he
prepared to push himself inside her.
A sharp tweak at her left nipple had her crying out in pain and her eyes flying open. “Do
you not think to pretend disinterest,” he said, his face very near hers. Warm wine breath
puffed over her and he smiled. “I expect that you will be a willing participant, Marian, or
I might become annoyed. I do not believe you‟d want me to be annoyed with you.”
Remembering the restraints, and the whips on the other side of the chamber, and the
chessboard he‟d made on the back of a woman who‟d angered him, Marian kept her eyes
open after that. Even when his fingers delved deep inside her, stroking and pinching and
squeezing, she did nothing but bite her lip and try to think of something else. She dared
not close her eyes again, but she wished to be somewhere else.
She‟d tried the tactic of playing with his cock, trying to make him excited enough to get
the act over with, to finish and be done with it . . . but he‟d only enjoyed that more, and
made her stop and start over and over again, as if it made his pleasure grow to come so
close and then to have the finish delayed.
He bade her wrap her hair around his cock and use the bright red locks to stroke him, but
that made for awkward movements and he became frustrated with the game. Tearing off
his braies, he took himself in hand, poising in front of her on the bed, and Marian thought
at last it would all soon be over.
Just then the door opened and closed, silently. She didn‟t hear but saw the movement
behind John, or she might not have been aware that Will had just entered the room.

He had a sword in his hand, and he looked as if he‟d just come from a battle. The
expression on his grimy, sweaty face was the same blank, cold one she‟d seen many
times. Will didn‟t look at Marian other than a brief glance, but he moved forward and
pressed the tip of his sword into John‟s back just as the prince seemed to sense his
presence.
“Move away from her, my lord,” Will said in a tense voice.
“Will,” Marian said desperately. It had almost been over. And now . . . he‟d drawn a
sword on the prince!
“Nottingham.” John turned warily, seemingly unaffected by the fact that he was naked
from the waist down and that he had an impressive erection poking out from beneath his
tunic. “I had expected Jem to keep you occupied for much longer.”
Then he seemed to notice the blade and his face turned darker. “You dare come into my
chambers armed? And draw it on me?”
“Marian,” Will said without taking his eyes off the prince, “leave now.”
“Will, nay,” she began, seeing that he had no intention of dropping the blade from its
threatening stance until she obeyed.
“Do not be a fool, Nottingham,” John said, reaching forward to jostle one of Marian‟s
breasts, giving his adversary a mocking smile. “You cannot keep me from what I desire.
You‟ve partaken and you will no longer hold me off.”
The sword tip moved closer, pressing into John‟s tunic, and Marian gasped. She looked at
Will, her eyes pleading with him not to continue with the madness, but it was already too
late.
John‟s face had gone dark and wild. “You‟ll hang for this, Nottingham. I would have
permitted a bit of insolence, but you go too far.”
“Marian, you must leave.”
“The woman is not worth your neck,” John said angrily.
“Aye, she is. Remove your hands from her, or I will drive this straight through.”
Marian felt tears welling up in her eyes. Fool! Fool! Did he not know what he was doing?
He‟d hang and she would be left alone.
“The queen is due to arrive any day,” Marian said.
John looked at her, his eyes narrow. “You lie.”
“Nay, I do not. She comes to see what you have plotted against the king.”
“Marian!” Will cried.
“I would know if a message from my mother had made its way here. She is not coming,
and if she were, I—”
“You would . . . ?”
The strong, calm voice from the doorway stopped all of them.
Despite her nakedness, Marian dropped to her knees at the miraculous sight of Queen
Eleanor. Her clothing was dusty from travel, her snow-white hair wisping from behind
her traditional veil. But her blue eyes were sharp and clear as a bird‟s.
Will dropped his sword and fell to his knees as well. Marian caught a glimpse of his face;
it was back to dark and emotionless once again.
“John? You were saying?”

The prince adjusted his tunic so that it covered his sagging cock, gave a little bow to his
mother, but remained silent.
“Lady Marian. From the sight before me, it appears that you have at the least
accomplished the task I set you?”
Marian nodded, feeling John‟s and Will‟s eyes on her. “Did you receive my second
missive, Your Highness?”
“Aye, I did indeed, and that is the reason I made such haste getting here. As you can see,
I have just arrived. It was suggested by my half niece, Alys, whom I met in the bailey,
that you might be in need of my . . . presence.” She turned and looked at John, her eyes
cold. “ „The wild dog‟?”
“Your Highness, I can—,” he began.
“Put your breeches on,” Eleanor told him. “And you‟ll need to clear all of your . . . eh . . .
belongings . . . from these chambers. And have the space thoroughly cleaned. For they
will be mine whilst I am here. Which, my dear John, shall be for the foreseeable future.”
Then, for the first time she appeared to notice Will, who‟d remained on his knees, head
bowed. “And who is this who dares threaten my son?”
He lifted his face and Marian saw the grave seriousness there, reflecting his acceptance
that his dishonor had been not only witnessed, but witnessed by the queen. “I am William
de Wendeval,” he said in a strong voice that made no attempt of concealment.
Eleanor‟s face lost some of its sharpness. “William de Wendeval, the Sheriff of
Nottinghamshire?”
“Aye.”
She nodded. “Indeed. Well, then, I have much to say to you. You will attend me in two . .
. nay, three hours. Now, go. And take this lady of great distraction and her impossible
hair with you.”
With that, they were dismissed.

CHAPTER 19
“You could have been hung,” Marian said, splaying her fingers through the dark hair on
Will‟s chest. “You should have been hung.”
“So you have reminded me. For nigh on three moons now, Marian,” he replied with an
aggrieved tone. His broad hand smoothed up and down the lowest part of her back and
she arched automatically against him. “But methinks I am already fairly . . . hung.”
She laughed as he gently prodded her belly with his very interested cock. A surprising
sense of humor had lurked beneath his dark personality, only recently beginning to shine
through. Marian found it utterly delightful, even if most of his jokes were of the bawdy
type.
“ ‟ Twas fortunate that the queen was so angry with John that she chose to overlook your
. . . uh . . . misstep. Will, you were so foolish!”
“Marian, ‟tis finished. We‟re far from John‟s reach here in Normandy, and here is where

we shall stay.”
“But when he is king?” Her humor faded into the black worry that seemed to always
hover about, even on the sunniest of days, such as the one on which they‟d been wed.
It was her greatest fear. Richard appeared to be uninterested in siring an heir, and it
seemed clear that someday John would take the throne. Mayhap sooner than later, if one
took into account Richard‟s penchant for war.
Will pulled her close, kissing the top of her head with a soft buss. His arms were so warm
and strong. . . . She felt safe and loved there. But John would never forgive Will for what
he‟d done, and when he came to power, he would have his revenge.
“Marian, you know that when I attended Eleanor as she requested, she spoke plainly.
Aye, John will never forgive me. And that is why we had to leave England.”
“That I know,” she interrupted. “But when he is king, and Lord of Normandy—”
“There are times,” he said, sighing heavily, “that I wish you were the quiet, submissive
woman you pretended to be at Ludlow.”
“I did not pretend to be quiet and submissive,” she retorted. “Did I not poison the prince?
And attempt to negotiate with him over chess? And did I not accost the gruff Sheriff of
Nottinghamshire and argue about his legal decisions?”
“Aye . . . that is so. I must have a faulty memory. Or mayhap it was only that I wished for
it.”
She yanked playfully at a lock of long, dark hair and then brought his face down for a
luscious, thorough kiss to let him know she did not mean it. “And did I not,” she
murmured against his mouth, “win the archery match against Robin Hood?”
He nodded against her. “ ‟ Twas a very proud moment for me, my dearling. To see his
very large head deflated so. My only other wish was that I had been the one to do it.”
“Now that we have veered far away from the matter at hand,” she said, “may we return to
your private conversation with the queen?” It had never occurred to her in the three
moons since they‟d left England that he had not told her the entirety of the conversation
with Eleanor. “There is something you did not tell me?”
All she‟d learned was that they were to leave and return to Morlaix, her lands. This
sanctioned escape was recompense for her work for Eleanor, and in thanks for Will‟s
loyalty to Richard.
“Ah . . . aye. The queen and I agreed that John has a long memory for even the smallest
slight, and so we are safe here until he takes the crown. Of course, you know all of that.
But because of my service to Richard, she and he have also gifted me with the fief of
Leurville, in southern Aquitaine, and that is where you and I will go when John becomes
king. ‟Tis small, and a vassalage to the queen, but we will never be required to go to
court, to pledge allegiance to John. He will not know we are even there. If he even
manages to retain his hold on the French lands when he is king.”
He looked down at her, his eyes sober. “I did not tell you for fear you would not agree to
leave Morlaix and go into hiding, for that is what it will be as long as John is in power. I
will go to Leurville when it becomes necessary, but you do not have to go with me.”
“Morlaix or you? Will, I truly begin to believe you are the veriest of fools. I would never
leave your side. For any reason.”

She pulled herself up on her palms to look into his handsome, serious face. “I love you. I
do not care if we live as chat elaine and steward in a small manor house for some great
lord, or if we have our own lands. As long as we are together, I care not.”
His eyes crinkled at the corners when he smiled. “I confess, I prayed you would say thus,
but then I was not certain how much like Eleanor you are. She would forsake her own
sons or husband for land rather than give it up.”
“She is the queen. I am merely Lady of Morlaix. And now . . . Baroness Leurville.” She
smiled up at him. “I am quite fulfilled.”
His eyes grew smoky and heavy-lidded. “Did you say that you were ful . . . filled?” he
asked . . . and slid himself inside her. Filling her. Fully.


